Heavenly Father, today we put on the
full armor to protect us against attack.
We put on the belt of truth to protect
against lies and deception. We put on
the breastplate of righteousness to
protect our hearts from the temptations.
We put the gospel of peace on our feet
to walk in your light, peace, and
freedom with the Holy Spirit. We rebuke
anxious thoughts. We take up your shield
of faith for protection to block and
destroy all the darts and threats thrown
at us by the enemy. We put on the helmet
of salvation to cover our minds and
thoughts, reminding us that we are
children of a mighty king. We are
forgiven, set free, saved by the blood
of Jesus. We take up the sword of the
spirit, your living word that has the
power to demolish strongholds and is
sharper than any double-edged sword. We
come to you, Lord, in prayer daily. In
Jesus mighty name we pray. Amen.
>> Amen.
>> What's up, you guys? Welcome to the
Imagination. I'm your host, Emma, and
today I'm absolutely honored to
introduce you all to satanic ritual
abuse, mind control, and organized abuse
survivor and overcomer, loving mother,
and devoted wife, artist, podcaster, and
host of her own podcast, Arise and
Shine, founder of Sha for Help
nonprofit, facilitator for Relentless
Hope, singer and songwriter, writer and
blogger, videographer, advocate for
future overcomers, author, speaker,
speaker, written and spoken word poet,
and my dear friend Sherry Bergraph.
Sherry's life is a testament to the
transformative power of faith,
resilience, and purpose. Born on Friday
the 13th, 1957 in Dukane, Iowa to a
Catholic family, Sherry's early years
were marred by unimaginable trauma.
Subjected to ritual abuse, mind control,
child pornography, and sex trafficking.
Her childhood was stolen by multiple
perpetrators, including her parents, a
priest, a nun, and even an elite network
of businessmen. Under the guise of a
gifted and talented program, she was
busted from school to a free medical
clinic where she endured torture-based
mind control, electric shocks, medical
experimentation, and psychological
programming deceptively framed as cancer
research conducted by German scientists.
Her father, a World War II veteran, was
also ens snared in these sinister
programs, and Sherry believes he was
murdered to silence his attempts to
escape with threats used to keep her
enslaved. These experiences were
designed to fracture and control. Yet
within Sherry, a spark of resilience
refused to be extinguished. Diagnosed in
the early 1990s with dissociative
identity disorder, she embarked on a
courageous journey of recovery. Her path
was not linear or easy, but was a
winding road marked by pauses to raise
her children in moments of profound
dedication to healing. From victor to
survivor, Sherry has set her sights on
thriving, embracing a life lived
wholeheartedly despite the weight of her
past. In the 1990s, she put her strength
into action, founding Shout for Help,
which which equates to Survivors Helping
Others Unite Together, a nonprofit
dedicated to supporting fellow
survivors. Sherry has also become a
voice for the voiceless, speaking at the
Healing Together conference in Orlando,
Florida for three consecutive years,
where she shared her expertise on ritual
abuse and mind control. Through her
YouTube channel, Tik Tok account, and
the Arise and Shine podcast, she offers
hope and experiential wisdom
demystifying the power of perpetrator
groups and dismantling the fear that
binds survivors. Her message is clear.
recovery is possible no matter how
insurmountable the obstacles may seem.
As a founding member of Dissociative
Writers and a facilitator for Relentless
Hope, Sherry also runs support groups
and writing workshops, including her
upcoming project justice training
initiative for survivor clinicians, law
enforcement, and advocates. Her work
with Relentless Hope aligns with her
heart for survivors, emphasizing their
value, collective power, and right to be
believed. As a beacon of light for
survivors, Sherry challenges the stigma
and disbelief surrounding ritual abuse
and mind control. She confronts the
societal denial that often compounds
survivors pain advocating for awareness
of human trafficking and the
interconnectedness of ritual abuse and
mind control with multi-generational
abuse. Her mission is not to rescue
single-handedly, but to collaborate with
others, amplifying voices and fostering
hope for those still trapped in the
darkness. Sherry stands as living proof
that one can emerge from the depths of
trauma to shine brightly, guiding others
toward their own liberation. Her journey
reminds us that even in the face of
unimaginable evil, the human spirit can
reclaim its power, rewrite its story,
and inspire a world in need of hope. To
every survivor, Sherry's voice echoes.
You are not alone. If I can escape, so
can you. Before wrapping up the
introduction of today's guest, I'd like
to share just a couple quick reminders
and updates. If you're interested in
being a guest on the show, if you wanted
to share any information privately with
me, or if you are interested in
submitting a written testimony for my
upcoming book series, or to be featured
on a Substack article, you can reach out
to me via email at imagine a better
world 2020@gmail.com
or standby survivors at protonmmail.com.
Additionally, I've teamed up with a
couple of my favorite brands to offer
you exclusive discount codes on products
I love, such as Refe Technology
Frequency Machines and CZTL's Premium
Methylene Blue. You can find all the
relevant links and codes along with
other resources down below in the show
notes. Your support across all platforms
is greatly appreciated, especially as
I've had to shift to alternative
streaming platforms such as Rumble and X
following the extreme censorship that
caused my last channel to be terminated
on YouTube. I've just started a new
YouTube channel recently and you can
subscribe to me there at the handle@
imaginationodcast official that I am now
streaming new episode premieres from
weekly. This transition to multiple
platforms is crucial to continue sharing
vital information with the public and
disclosure community. So, thank you all
on the other side of the screen for
helping to make the imagination the
safest space on the internet for
survivor, whistleblower, advocate, and
educator disclosures. Your support means
the absolute world to me and to every
guest on the show. So you guys, without
further ado, please help me in welcoming
today's guest of honor, voice for the
voiceless, anti-child abuse and survivor
advocate, walking miracle, content
creator, woman of God, and a woman on a
mission to lead survivors from darkness
to light with Christ at the center,
proving that from brokenness, a
relentless hope can rise. The one, the
only, Sherry Bergraph. Sherry, thank you
so much for being here with us today.
What an honor it is to have you on.
>> Oh, Emma, it's an honor to be here with
you of all people. Thank you for all you
do to give survivors a platform to share
their stories and their and their um
amazing uh miracle life.
>> And you got that right. That's exactly
what it is. And I feel that way every
single time that I do one of these
episodes. I just look at somebody like
you and awe and look at your smile and
how strong you are and courageous and
brave and how nobody would ever know the
past that you suffered and survived, you
know, and and it really is. It's a
miracle. It's a God-given miracle. And
you know, we're so lucky that we get to
be here with you, that we get to listen
to what you have to say, and ultimately
that we get to learn. You know, this
stuff has been so occulted from society.
A lot of survivors are finally, you
know, sort of waking up in mass from
what they went through. And it can be
really confusing. It can be
debilitating. And, you know, having this
information out, have people having
people like you courageous enough to
share what you went through and then
what you learned and how you overcame,
you know, those are going to be the
tools that are going to stand the test
of time that are going to help heal the
world, you know, and going to help
survivors heal quicker. it's going to
help them know that they're not alone,
you know, and every single time somebody
speaks out, which I know that you've
been doing for a little while now, it it
changes lives and makes such a
difference. So, thank you for everything
that you've been doing, you know, your
resume, for the ways that you have
helped this community is just extensive.
It's incredible, you know, and uh we've
talked privately about so many other
things that you're working on too to
contribute that, you know, you haven't
even announced yet to people. So, I just
think it's wonderful and just want to
thank you from the bottom of my heart,
too, for shouldering your own story and
then for also embracing so many other
survivors and carrying their weight
along with yours so we can help heal
this community.
>> Yeah. And I'm so excited
uh about how I was able to go from
terror, literal terror, living in
terror. It's not just fear to being able
to then start to just feel the fear and
then get to the place where, you know,
like there's anxiety and then peace. And
I never ever thought I would get here.
And advocating for ourselves, finding
our own voice, that is so important cuz
uh mind control teaches you that you
don't exist and you don't have a voice
and you got to keep silent. And so to
connect with the parts of us that are
able to rise up above all of that and
break through the programming, I I'll be
honest, it's hard, but it's so worth it.
And I have the I uh when I've talked at
uh healing together conferences, I've
I've made these little cards um with the
splash of pink on on a black background.
Of course, I love pink. So it says worth
the fight and that is like my lived
theme for myself but also for other
survivors. And then on the back I don't
have one right here but it says I am I
am uh read like I can't even think of I
am accepted. I am loved. I am valued. I
have worth. you know just I and I am fir
a firm believer in a affirming ourselves
because we need to do that but you know
there is some programming in in all of
this that says we're supposed to do
everything for others not ourselves and
so I had to fight the programming that
said I have to like do all this stuff
for others but it's like the programming
is in that programming is instead of
ourselves
and so fighting the and resisting oh I
got to tell everybody else about this
you know what I've learned it's like now
we have to be the most important thing
in our life because if we don't survive
and we don't have the necessary
resources it's kind of like if you're on
an airplane and the oxygen mass comes
down it's like we have to put that mask
on first before we can help anybody
else.
>> I couldn't agree more and I think it's a
really empowering moment when somebody
can go from living their entire lives to
serving people who want to exploit the
beautiful nature and the gifts that they
have within them to saying, "No, those
are mine and I'm going to use those
things because God gave them to me. I'm
going to use them for what for what he
gave them to me to use for, you know,
and it's not to serve your evil agendas.
It's not to be exploited, not to be
used. It's to create things from my own
heart and spirit that will end up
helping people. But that has to come,
like you said, from filling your own cup
first. You have to do that first. And
then you can with everything that's
spilling over, then you can start
filling other people's cups and be like,
"Do you want some? Do you want some?"
You know, but it has to come from you
first. And I think it's it's wonderful
how many of you are overcoming that and
taking back the things that that they
took from you, you know, and and you
couldn't be more right about that. And
so many of you too had just the most
incredible and still have the most
incredible spiritual gifts, you know,
just so talented on so many levels. Not
to mention all the things that they
condition and train you for while you're
going through programming. you know, all
the different skills that you all
acquire and how they made you feel that
all those things belong to them, that
you could only use them if they let you
in the way that they wanted, you know,
and it's so wonderful now that instead
of feeling shame about those things how
you always used to, now it's like, no,
that's mine and I'm going to use it for
something good, you know, if I was
trained for this and if I have this
skill and if I was born with this, you
know, different spiritual abilities that
children have that some adults now can
still hold on to, you know, I'm going to
use these to create beauty in the world,
not to serve somebody's selfish,
egotistical, psychopathic agenda, you
know. So, I love that you're doing that
and that's a really wonderful lesson to
share.
>> And it doesn't mean we can't help other
survivors along the way
>> because we we can. It's just that we
can't do that instead of helping our own
self and learning how to advocate for
ourselves. It takes time and and a lot
of breaking the conditioning that says
we serve the cult or the the traffickers
or you know that criminal cultic group.
>> Absolutely. And your story has no
shortage of these different layers of
groups and different uh industries. And
I mean, your story connects a lot of
different dots. And um I think it'll be
really impactful for other people to
hear, especially because you have
learned so much about your family
background, too, which I thought maybe
we could get into a little bit. Um, I
think society has this idea through
Hollywood and these different ways that
we learn about trafficking if we see it
on TV or hear about it that the people
that commit these crimes are
psychopathic sort of maybe drugged out
weird people who were black. They don't
have their haircut. They look like
they're on drugs and they just run out
and steal a random kid and abuse them,
you know, and that's really not how it
is. It doesn't look that way at all in
real life, you know, and it's a very
sophisticated
network of a lot of times very
sophisticated people, you know, very
resourceful people, very intelligent
people, you know, and I think your your
family history sort of demonstrates the
reality of the type of person and
network that is involved with this. So,
do you want to share a little bit of
that and sort of paint your family
background and what what you've learned
about it?
>> Yeah. Um, so like what you said is so
true. Like my dad, him and I were very
close. Um, but yet he sexually abused me
in the home and I had that with my
mother too. And like but they weren't
these awful evil people and they were
victims too. It it was
multi-generational.
it. They make sure um that it's passed
down and through programming and
conditioning and rituals
um like in my memories
my mom, you know, was saying how
important it is for me to pass it down.
And then I was trained uh just like she
was and conditioned and programmed. and
also with my dad. He was in World War
II. And you know, of course, this like
the depression and anxiety and stuff he
went through, PTSD, you would might
think was just from, you know, what he
experienced in in the war. But he was he
and I walked to the same free clinic
that our family went to where he was
exposed along with me. uh and this was
separate from this the school where he
was uh subjected to the same mind
control projects that I was and so it's
it's like and all of this was blocked
out of my conscious memory until my
father passed away but um I'm six of 10
kids uh that my mom and dad had Catholic
family and They were poor. We were poor.
Um, they did the best that they could.
But now that I know
how this passes down and I know how
sophisticated this programming is and
how uh it's it's a multi-generational
thing and there's a lot of um demonic
um evil behind it all that ensures, you
know, the that it's hidden in secret,
you know, but then it's it was connected
with the Catholic church and it was
connected with the school with the
government talented and gifted program.
And so then the the scientists that were
brought over to the United States from
Germany, they were in that the back of
this free medical clinic where I was bus
to from school. And so it's it when I
pieced it all together after having
memories for years, it's not like I
remember everything,
but it's so interconnected
and the the network of criminals and
people that are that did the
trafficking. It's just it it's
frightening that it's so
um interconnected and and like woven
together in every like families,
schools, churches, um medical places,
you know, clinics, hospitals,
universities, colleges, it it's just
everywhere.
>> You're absolutely right. And I think the
other thing too along with the way that
we think traffickers and people that
hurt children should look and how they
act like on a movie, how that is also
portrayed falsely. The other thing is
kind of the stranger danger lesson that
they have promoted which is that people
that do this don't know the child.
They're not in close proximity to a
child. They target children. And what we
see a lot in stories like yours is that
it's actually the people that are
committing the abuse and perpetrating
the abuse are the people closest to the
child in the family. It's not random
strangers that aren't connected. It is a
network right from the parents to the
people that are around your parents in
your communities in your schools like
you said where they work. You know this
is people that are out outliers of the
of the family. It's not strangers for
the most part. Of course, that happens,
but that's not the majority of of of
child abuse and organized abuse that
happens to a kid. Trafficking, these
different sophisticated abuses, it's
perpetuated by people closest to the
child, not strangers, like how they want
us to think.
>> Yeah. And when it's familial, it it's
harder to detect because it's like you
as a child, I wasn't abducted and
missing and taken away from my home. I
still went to school. I still went to
church. I still, you know, did the
normal stuff that kids do. I was very
controlled by my parents. Uh very
isolated. I wasn't allowed to do school
activities and I wasn't allowed to have
friends over and I there was a lot of
neglect. Um at the age of 10, I found a
lump in my groin and I went to my mother
and and shared with her what was going
on and she was like, "Oh, it's probably
nothing." And I wasn't taken to the
doctor. And then I lived with that fear.
I don't know for how long, but then I
got up enough courage to tell her again
and because it was getting bigger and uh
you know then her attitude again was
like well it's probably nothing and and
then so I had to wait till I was 19
years old to have a surgery um that was
for a hernia but it was also kind of
suspicious to me now that it was also
combined with a hydroil and was a rare
type of thing that happens to boys, not
girls. And so I don't know if there was
something connected with the medical
experimentation that was done to me or
if it was just a birth defect kind of a
thing, but there was a lot of neglect
and keeping me from being able to have
the care that I needed.
They took us to the dentist. that was uh
something that I was given access to,
but not when it came to the um you know
like medical needs. And then this is a
little bit embarrassing to say, but I've
worked past it. Uh I've discovered that
I had worms and you know, like I went to
the bathroom and
we had such a big family. The reason I
discovered it cuz I had to go to the
bathroom behind the garage. Uh, and so
then here it's like, oh no, I have
worms.
>> And so
this this just tells a story of like the
neglect there was because then I
thought, well, my mom doesn't help me
and she doesn't hear me when I go to her
to tell her what's going on with me. So
I went to my dad and he's like, "Oh,
just eat lots of carrots. Worms don't
like carrots." And so this was my life.
So, I had to live with the fear of that,
too, that oh my gosh, there's worms
eating inside of me and I have this I
thought I had cancer. Um, and you know,
just laying in bed at night having that
fear like if I ever get help to go to a
doctor,
will I be able to handle this? Cuz my my
own parents aren't even caring about me
and and giving me what I need. And you
know then I didn't realize until an
adult that I was terrified of doctors
because I had medical experimentation
and that has been such a awful thing to
um face and having the memories of that
and my dad was involved with that every
bit as much as I was in that lab in the
back of the free medical clinic. And so
it was just like I feel like the family
was just
overcome
from the evil that was touching all of
us. And they weren't even just
surviving. I mean, you know how you do
everything just to survive. They were
floundering. They weren't surviving. And
I look back now and so many times I want
to see the good things that happened
because it's so devastating to have to
face um the reality of my parents, you
know, like sexually abusing me and not
protecting me. But someday I am going to
write down all the good things that I
can remember because this um this
journey of uh remembering and having
flashbacks and um you know like just
having to face what it was really like
it kind of overshadows the good stuff
that did happen.
and my dad like hiding um candy and
Easter eggs on a Easter uh morning or
you know taking me to work with him. He
worked at a truck stop and um having him
give me uh my own bottle of orange pop
and a Twinkie and my mom during uh
holidays making cookies and um you know
sacrificing
uh her own needs uh for for the 10 kids
that she was trying to raise. And I know
that many times she went without food so
that we could all have food. And so it
it I think one of the hardest things is
to
combine all of the horror
and and all seeing the good. It's hard
to uh keep a balance of both because
um and then it's like who's responsible
for this? because if they were victims,
which they were, and my dad did try to
get help, um then who did I blame, you
know? And it's like I got to the point
where it's like, well, I know Satan's
behind all of this. He's the evil behind
it all. that doesn't mean what they did
was okay,
>> you know, because it's like otherwise I
would like do the conditioned program
thing to think more of someone else.
Like even my abusers like like the
traffickers and you know all the people
in the lab, it's like as they're abusing
me, they're like making me feel sorry
for them. Well, if I don't do this,
they'll kill me. uh you know, we're
doing this because uh we're trying to
find a cure for cancer. And it's like,
oh, okay, then that means it's okay what
you're doing to me because I have to
think about other people. I have to
think about you as you abuse me. And I
have to think about uh all the the many
people that need a cure for cancer, so
I'll just give up my life, you know. No,
none of it was okay. And um even though
my parents were a victim, they had
choices just like I do. And I chose to
um when I started to my dad died and I
started to thaw out uh that's how I
think of it because it's like I started
crying and I couldn't stop crying and I
didn't even know what I was crying about
other than my dad's death. But then I
really truly believe that God gave me a
way out to escape. And that's what's
beautiful. And you know, I believe that
God used me to um like Jesus to to
deliver the family uh sins and the the
evil that passed down to me in my
generation with me is broken. And it's
like that is what I try to focus on is
the the now. But yet, you know, I still
deal with flashbacks. In fact, I can't
remember if it was yesterday or the day
before I had some more. And it's a
continuing process.
But
>> yeah, and you bring up a really good
point. The complexities of this are also
hard for people kind of on the outside
looking and learning about this to
understand. You know, I almost think I
don't I wouldn't want any of this to
happen to anybody, but I almost think it
would be easier if it was a complete
stranger that did something like that to
a child because then you don't have like
an emotional connection to them. It's
not somebody that you needed to provide
for you. To have a parent or somebody so
close to you that the child is dependent
on it to live. It's it's it's
everything. It's God to the child
whenever it's it's a little baby, you
know, that's that's everything that the
child knows is just those two parents,
you know, it's their world to be
betrayed and abused by those two people.
There is nothing more harmful to a
child, you know, and I think the initial
reaction for people is to just get so
mad, you know, grab the pitchforks,
let's get them all, you know, all these
evil people. Sure, there's an evil side,
but I love how you and others are able
to bring that humanity back where it's
like we need to understand this at at
its root cause instead of just the
symptomology with it, which is
psychopathy, which is mind control,
which is abuse, which is perpetration,
you know, and we need to look at it at
its foundation, which is this is, you
know, grooming from birth. This is
constant abuse, you know, by people that
the child loves. And then also that
there are good times. Somebody who's a
psychopath or who's under mind control,
they're not mean 24 hours a day. It's
not abuse 24 hours a day. Is it for an
extended period of time ritualistically?
Yes. But so that's what's hard is like
these are people that you loved and like
you wanted to love so bad and wanted to
love you. This is family. And so there's
so many different like emotional
dynamics that go into this where it's
like we want these people to come out
and want to heal like what you did. We
don't want to just outcast them and look
at them like they're less than human. We
need to look at them like like what they
are, a victim. Of course, it doesn't
make perpetration right. Of course,
people have a choice once they get to a
certain age, you know, and luckily it's
so many like you now are starting to
walk away, you know, and say, "I'm not
going to participate in this. It it
stops with me." But I love that you can
bring some humanity into it because that
is something we need to offer compassion
to people too as we're looking at these
stories and say it's not right what you
did. But also were they a victim? Is
this somebody who maybe just was so
beaten down that they didn't feel like
they had a choice and they were so mind
controlled and dissociative and just
robotic that they completely just, you
know, any any inkling of like having a
consciousness just wasn't there, you
know. And if they were to have been
given a safe space where somebody would
have said, "All right, we want you to
leave and we're going to take care of
you. We're going to help you heal." So
many of these people would do that in a
heartbeat. If they knew that there
wouldn't be consequences, if they knew
that there wouldn't be retaliation and
targeting, you know, and and just like
the hell of healing, too. That can be so
hard, you know. And of course, the
people that consciously choose to do it
need to be dealt with in a different way
than the people that are victimized to
it, you know. But we have to sort of
like you know look at this on different
levels and tears and you know have
compassion for the entire situation
instead of you know I think an initial
reaction is just to get so angry and
hateful. Um but you know it's like it's
just sad that so many people like your
parents they're born into it they die
through it and they never experience the
freedom that you did for even a day. I
mean, like, how heartbreaking is that to
like think about how many people like
never get to like truly be in love,
never get to like make a choice by
themselves or feel how good healing
feels and just like living life, you
know, and it's like it's really
devastating. It's like one of the
saddest things in the whole world, what
these people go through, you know, and
and how many aren't aren't courageous
enough like you to take that step to
leave.
>> Yeah. And what you said about strangers,
you know, like it is it would be easier
if it was a stranger and you're abducted
and like you get the help or you know
like then you can think oh this is a bad
guy you know you know and you know they
they abducted this girl meaning me me.
Uh but when it's family, it's like you
come home from school and your abusers
are your family and they're not mean
24/7. They might be neglectful. They
might have their own issues that they're
surviving because of, you know, what's
been done to them, but it's it's so
um
I don't even know the word. It's it's
like there's so much love and attachment
that you know you have to have as a
child and they target that the mind
control and ritual boost people do but
it's passed down from generation to
generation and they don't even know that
what has happened to them until
something you know triggers them and
maybe they have resources
uh and support to be able to start
feeling safe enough like I was given to
have that journey of finding, you know,
help. And it it's it's like we're not
supposed to ever seek help outside of
the cult. We're not supposed to ever,
you know, break that silence. And
there's all these threats of what will
happen if you do, you know, and being
shown this will happen to you. And that
happened in my family like um there was
suspicious uh
uh circumstances surrounding my dad's
death in 1984.
and he supposedly fell down uh a flight
of stairs at my sister's consignment
shop and he did the book work and
accounting for her. And um so he was
taken to the local hospital in uh
Manchester, Iowa. And then because of
the the need for better care and they
couldn't handle his injuries, he was
taken to the Debuke Iowa Hospital and
doctors there said they couldn't
understand how somebody could get hurt
that bad from falling down carpeted
steps. And they never found his hat. And
he always wore his hat. And the doctors
said that his hat would show if there
was like some blunt force because the
injuries he sustained were that of not
just falling down steps. And um he was
in the he was in the hospital. I was
able to visit him. Um and when I was in
the hospital, I didn't know why I had
this thought at the time, but I had this
thought. I thought we never had to die
physically.
And it was like, where the heck did that
come from? Well, years later, um, when I
had the memories, I knew where that came
from, you know, because of the rituals
and the mind control and just all of the
um, brainwashing and the things that
were put suggested to me that were lies.
There was the belief that if we do all
these things uh in this cultic group um
we are somehow like keeping all of the
generations that went before us alive
and having eternal life physically even.
And that if we meet in these and do
these rituals in in parks and cemeteries
and church basement and you know
wherever we would meet in forests even
um that somehow we were keeping
everyone alive that had already died
which is a a mindblowing
thought when you really think about it.
and then everybody, you know, that is
going to be to come. And it's so
important to pass it down or not only do
we die, but but the people that have
already died, which it it's just insane.
Um, when you can logically think it all
through, but as a child, you're just in
it and you believe it and and so do your
parents. And I never knew my dad's uh
parents. So his parents had died uh
before I was even uh born. But um I need
to write something down so I don't
forget.
But um his my dad's dad, the grandfather
I never met, he was in World War I. And
so my dad when he was 16 years old, he
had to watch his dad who had had mustard
gas exposure uh from World War I, he had
to watch him like die, you know, like
coughing up his lungs and having, you
know, just horrible things. And I really
don't know uh much, you know, about him
other than he was in the military, but I
I suspect that this passed down, you
know, like from even maybe before him.
Um that's just the way this works. And I
know nothing about my dad's mother. Um,
but my my mom's parents were also
Catholic and I suspect
that my grandpa, my mother's uh father
was in Freemasonry cuz when he died, my
grandmother wanted to give me a red ruby
ring and I have since and then she took
it back. I don't I don't know what that
was all about, but she wanted to give it
to me of all people.
And
um my middle name, my my given name is
Sharon uh Ann Rose and my last name was
Potter. But I I know that there was
something about me being given that name
Rose. Uh because my mom always told me
she was when she dies, she's going to
give me all the things that have to do
with roses, you know, that she had in
her home. And rose in ritual abuse and
mind control has a meaning and it means
death. And it also is like a code for
passing things down. And you know, like
a reminder that if you don't,
everybody's going to die. And so, um, I
I I don't have proof that my grandpa was
a Freemason, but there's
just a suspicion that, you know,
whatever he was in, whether it was a
fraternal organization or um
the generational stuff that, you know,
obviously passed down uh from both my
mother's parents, my my grandparents,
and my mom's mom was so mean. She was
just like um I never saw her kind or
loving. And but yet when she got
dementia and she went to a nursing home,
she became like a little kid and I even
shared uh a doll with her, you know,
that I had for my kids in the car and
she just became a different person after
my grandpa died. It was just like she
became like a little girl and I really
believe that she never got to be a
little girl. And um I've heard people
say that one of the reasons people get
dementia
uh is because they don't deal with the
trauma in their family and in their
life. And it makes sense because then
all of a sudden you just become a child
like a child or um you know the there's
so much I could talk about because I'm
just discovering also some things about
um like how our minds are targeted with
the medical experimentation and just the
the broca and uh left hemisphere of the
brain and um and the frontal cord
cortex, all the thinking uh part of our
brain and the the language center. And
that may be could be talked about in the
future. But as far as my grandparents,
um that's pretty much like all I know
about them. But when I think of my
father's death, uh, going back to that,
um,
in the years that I've had memories,
um, the the town I was leaving was
Manchester, Iowa, and that's where my
father had this accident, only I don't
think it was an accident. Um,
I started crying.
I I know now that I felt safe enough
because my dad was no longer around. Not
that I wanted him dead. Uh but he did um
he was that death was what God used to
help me to start thawing out and waking
up and rem
remembering things. And I I started to
deal with some physical abuse that was a
one-time incident directly from him. Uh,
and then, um, later years, um, much
later years, I remembered being given my
dad's hat in a box and being told that
if I ever tell, I'm going to be framed
for his murder.
Now, was he murdered or were they just
using his death to make me believe that
or just use it as a threat? I really
don't know. But I'm sus I suspect that
he really was murdered because I saw him
trying to get out of what he didn't know
he was in. He he was going to a
psychiatrist
uh traveling an hour away to get help
and he was attending support groups. He
was getting medication
and I saw parts of him where he went
amnesic and he didn't know he was the
age he was. He thought he was just
getting out of World War II and he
didn't know who I was or who he knew who
he was married to um my mom. But you
know there was just all these things
that happened. And so
in later memories
when I was leaving that area,
Manchester, Iowa,
um I had met this man who's my husband
now of 31 almost 32 years. His name is
Frank. And because I was breaking free,
um, I have memories where in a Walmart
parking lot, I thought it was Frank
behind me. You know, he we weren't
married yet and I didn't have a divorce
yet, but um, I thought it was him behind
me and it was the the police saying that
they had
Frank and that I needed to come with
them. And I thought, well, is he in
trouble? Do, you know, what do I need to
do here? So, I went with them. And this
was not something I consciously knew was
happening. It was when I was recalling
and and having memories and flashbacks.
But the chief of police, Bruce Trap, he
and other people in this cultic group
that I believe had something to do with
my father's death. They took me into the
like a jail and they raped me and
tortured me, reaccessed me and tried to
reprogram me. But what they did during
that time was to tell remind me of how I
would be framed for my dad's murder. But
now they added to that and they said
that I was trading my life for Frank's
in exchange for my silence. And so I
carried that with me for so many years.
Uh being so afraid that Frank was going
to die, not you know, we got married and
not knowing why I was having that terror
and fear. And um when I discovered what
had happened to cause me to have that
fear, I I became so much more empowered.
Like I knew it. I knew it inside of me.
parts of me knew but I didn't have the
conscious awareness of what I truly got
out of and got away from. And Frank, the
husband that I have now, I truly believe
that he was put in my life by God. Um,
and I was going through a divorce.
Um, well, I actually he was the reason I
was able to get strong enough to start
the divorce proceedings.
And he was the first man that ever
showed me love. And he was so
amazingly God-scent because not once did
he ever ask for sex. He asked if he
could hold my hand. He asked if he could
kiss me. And we were friends. He became
like my best friend. And because of the
support Yeah. Right. Because of the
support that I've had from him all these
years, he's a big reason why I was able
to remember and survive uh getting away
from them. And but it didn't come
without a cost. Um during the divorce uh
my mother and my brother testified
against me. I lost custody of my
children for two years, my three
children.
>> And they lived with their father who
that's a whole another thing. Um he was
he wasn't physically abusive to me, but
he was always angry. Uh the only reason
I married him is because I got pregnant.
And he
um
he just kept the cycle of abuse going
where I just felt like I was worthless.
Um that I did my life didn't matter and
and that there was no I just pretty much
gave up my life. But I really believed
that in getting a divorce I could get me
and my three children away from him. and
my father had already passed away. So
then when um I started the divorce
proceedings, my ex-husband and my
mother, they started like this campaign,
which I didn't understand at the time. I
thought it was just because
we're Catholic, so you don't get a
divorce cuz uh they even would say
things like, "Well, if he was the one
getting the divorce, we'd be there for
you." and right I don't believe that now
um but because
the one tool that this group and my
family could use was taking my children
to keep me in it. Um I truly believe
that's what happened. Uh because my
mother and my brother testified against
me in the courtroom saying I was a bad
mother, saying that he would be the
better parent and he did not know how to
be a parent. He was I was a single mom.
I truly was. And um I was able to get
stronger though to be able to leave him.
So that was the good thing. Um it was
amazing that
I was going to support groups not for
the abuse but for you know like some
things that were going on at work and I
was such a good people pleaser and my
people pleasing wasn't working with this
one woman at work and I I went to this
therapist and she said she she gave me
permission to say no to people and that
was a huge thing you know like so then
and I got bolder. Somebody gave me
permission to say no and to to not have
to put up with um just anything that
people uh brought my way. And I got so
bold. Um and I never looked back when I
made that decision to leave him. It was
just like he he started stalking me at
work and I had to get a restraining
order against him. But he came into the
um retail store that I was working in.
And so I went I told him to leave me
alone. And I I said, "I have a
restraining order against you." And you
need to leave now. And I went into my
office and there wasn't anybody in there
to help me at the time. But I grabbed
the phone and I said, "If you don't
leave right now, I'm going to call the
police." And he really didn't believe
that I was going to do that because I he
had beat me down even more. And it was a
moment I will never forget. And he paid
me the biggest compliment that anyone
could ever pay me. He said when he saw
that he looked and saw the police
actually coming behind him, he said,
"You've got balls."
And it was like, "Yes, I do."
at another time, you know, like when you
go through mediation with a divorce with
a court person, I was like, "Okay, if
we're going to do this, I I need to do
this in a public place because I have a
straining restraining order against this
guy." So, we met at a Hardies and
afterwards and I it was a joke. It was
just like there's no mediating with this
marriage. Uh but anyway, I left Hardies
and I went into the parking lot to get
into my car. and who's following me?
Him. And I'm like, I'm not going to let
that stop me. So, I got in my car and
before I got in, I said, um, I'm going
to the police. And so, I drove to the
police station and he came right in
behind me just like what? He doesn't
have to go by, he doesn't have to follow
the court order, you know, the
restraining order. And so the chief of
police and well, he didn't come out
first, but um the the receptionist uh
dispatcher, whatever you call him, she
uh looked at me and I said, "I have a
restraining order against him and he's
following me. Can you do something,
please?" And so she got the police and I
it was the chief of police and he was so
nice, you know, he didn't say, "Oh,
you're under arrest or you know, we're
going to press charges against you or
anything." It was just like, "Oh, could
you please leave?"
And I'm like, and they didn't ask me if
I was okay. They didn't um do anything
for me. It was just like
>> chief of police that late you found out
abused you. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Yeah.
But I got away from him even though I
lost my three children for 2 years,
which I thought I was going to die
>> when when that happened, but I felt like
I didn't have anything to live for back
there anymore. And so, uh, let's see,
the my divorce was finalized in 1990,
and I think I moved I can't remember
when I moved away, but, you know, I went
to live with Frank and we got married
and everything, but I did end up getting
my children back. But I believe that God
used everything that happened um you
know like Frank being in my life, me
already having some uh support and
therapy. um you know just finding out
cuz I was working for seven years I
think finding out that you know people
did like me and
the there wasn't just what I had found
in my life you know as um you know and I
could make some of my own decisions and
uh that was the a big uh part of
breaking away but I didn't escape you
know like oh aha side. I know what's
happening. It was like I felt like I was
given a chance to have a way to escape
and not that I wanted to lose my
children and I my whole family turned
their back on me and it was a good thing
because if I would have stayed in that
area and if those things wouldn't have
happened would I have gotten out? I
don't know.
But I did and God made a way.
>> A miracle. Yes, he did. And I love that
your story has a happy ending. Your
husband seems like an absolute angel.
And I love that how you you still light
up so much whenever you talk about him.
And it's very sweet. It's wonderful that
you had that support. My heart breaks
>> for all these survivors that you know
they they get out and everybody abandons
them and they don't have, you know, a
safe person. And a lot of the the
spouses that they have are probably like
your ex-husband, you know, somebody that
may have been orchestrated to be in your
life, somebody who's not a very good
person, you know, and then those people
also turn their backs on them. And it's
so common too that survivors get their
children taken away. You see all the
different ways that they use children as
these little carrots to dangle in front
of whoever. You know, children are are
the kind of commodity that they just
look at like a product almost. you know,
you're not even a human
>> in a lot of ways, you know, and and I
think your story too, some of the things
that you brought up, like how young you
were
>> whenever, you know, some of these things
happened to you and, you know, you look
at the the the way that regular society
is going, you know, once again to sort
of these misconceptions. You know, a lot
of survivors get asked, well, why did
you stay so long? You know, why didn't
you leave earlier? Well, for one, your
memories are fragmented. But for two,
this doesn't just happen suddenly when
somebody's like 18 years old and all of
a sudden, you know, they're they're
under this control and they have a
controlling parent. This is like from
the day that you're born, they have a
plan already set for you on how they're
going to basically capture your mind,
you know, and not give you the chance to
have free thought, to say no, to have a
boundary, you know, to to think about
you learning those things much later in
life as an adult that oh, I can say no.
Like that's something a child says no a
million times, you know, that aren't in
these systems. That's like a word a
child will say a ton of times whenever
they can learn to talk. And you know,
they shut off your ability to do that so
young. So, you have to be always that,
you know, I'm going to serve you. I'm
going to serve you. They really like
groom you for that from the time that
you're little. So, that becomes normal.
That's just like the way that life is.
It's not something that you look at as
being strange necessarily. It's just
this is what I do, you know? So, I
wanted to ask you
>> how what is kind of your your story with
the abuse side? How how young did that
start for you? you and was that your
parents that started that or were there
other perpetrators whenever you were
very young?
>> I think my abuse um
possibly started in utero. I have had
like some flashes of of different
things. Um
my memories of my dad sexually abusing
me was around the age of two and my mom
found him with me. Um he worked at
nights at the time uh and so he was
sleeping during the day and my mom found
him with me, blamed me and threw me down
the steps. Um and then I had to have
stitches. I still have uh like the scar
from cuz I had like this little tin
windup duck and it it I had it in my
mouth cuz I I was scared and I felt like
I needed something. and she always told
me that I fell down the steps with a
spoon in my mouth. And um but um as far
as my mom, I don't know what age she
started to do this, but some of the
bizarre rituals that she was putting me
through that included sexual abuse was
before I went to school. I do know that.
And um so she would wake me up at 6:00
in the morning and um she would come to
me while I was still in bed and she
would tell me that she was dying. And
this happened like so frequently that it
was just a part of um my mornings. Um,
and then she would uh abuse me and then
she would act like I did the stuff to
her and it's like she became like this
little girl and then you know like there
was such a blurring of who is who and as
if I was the adult abusing my own mother
and she was grooming me and teaching me
how to please men which later was used
in the trafficking. Um, but then the
nightly ritual that she would do was
like I would be put to bed at 8:00 at
night. And this these times are so
cemented in my brain because it was
conditioned. Um, and so at about 10
o'clock every night, I would be waking
up to my mom putting me in a bathtub of
water and causing me to feel like I'm
dying and I'm drowning. So, you know,
like in the morning she's telling me
she's dying and then at night she's
making me believe that I'm dying. And it
it was like a ritual to condition me so
that when I became an adult, I would do
the same things with my children was the
plan. And so, um,
when she would, um, have the bathtub
water go down the drain, this was to
teach me that I was going down the drain
and that I didn't exist anymore because
I died. And that um, it wouldn't matter
what anybody did to me because those
parts of me that were subjected to this
would then believe, well, we're gone. I
mean, we're dead, so what difference
does it make what anybody does to us
anymore? But she did the same thing with
toileting and washing hands. It's like
when I would get up at night, and she
would do this during the day to teach me
that when I would get up to or go to the
bathroom, what I was doing was
actually my urine or feces, you know,
like depending on if you pee or poop.
It's like what would happen then is when
I would flush the toilet, that was me
going down the drain. It was just like a
reminder, you know, and how often do you
go to the bathroom? I mean, a lot. And
so, every time I would go to the
bathroom, there would be these parts
that would be activated with the
conditioning that it's like, okay, we're
gone, you know, we're we're not alive.
And and same thing with washing hands.
And I know that a lot of survivors have
handwashing and they don't always
realize that there's some stuff behind
all of that. And so the belief then is
that every time you wash your hands uh
or have anything to do with running
water, you know, like at the faucet,
whether it's the sink or the k kitchen,
it's like you're going down the drain
and you're you're also like it's like a
conditioned thing to then believe that
nothing has happened. you they haven't
been abused and all of these things are
just washed away. I mean, it's it's a
twofold thing. And so then
that meant that when I became an adult,
I was conditioned to do the same things.
And so by breaking free and getting away
and um so that interrupts that um
passing it down and that interrupts
uh the stuff that you're supposed to to
do to your own children. But it's like
when I was trafficked,
the way that this uh ritual stuff was
used, but that my mother did was that at
10:00 I would wake up
and it was already arranged that I would
be trafficked that night, you know, like
when they started to use me. And I think
they started to use me around the age of
five. um which is horrible cuz they they
and they want the youngest that they can
get um these uh traffickers.
Uh, so I would wake up and what is so
weird, Emma, and I I've I identified
this with the adult parts of me that
could think logically through everything
and connecting with all the different
parts that and they use many, you know,
like there's a part that wakes up,
there's a part that goes into the
bathroom, there's a part that takes me
out of the out the door, there's a part
then that switches to uh go into the the
car that the traffickers are picking me
up with. And then there's a part that
has to look forward and and not look at
the the person that's picked me up and
just look straight forward and not say
anything and and just go where I'm being
taken and um so it's like the 10:00 was
very significant for trafficking because
then I would be taken somewhere and no
part of me that went out the door even
knew what the other parts were doing in
the hotel room and being trafficked and
um the the the
stuff that happened at school with the
priest and the nun. Uh that was also
connected uh because here I'm in school
and I'm being sexually abused by a
priest and a nun and also being groomed
uh for trafficking and they were
connected to this criminal cultic group.
And so were the people at the doctor, my
childhood doctor at the free medical
clinic that my family went to. and then
they were connected to the um the mind
control projects uh that were happening
that I was bus to from school. So it was
so
insanely sophisticatedly connected and
to have in my mind as an adult to um try
to piece everything together. Uh it's
not like I remembered everything and
it's like oh I know what happened to me.
It came in bits and pieces and it is
like
I can remember like remembering and it's
like there's no way this could have
happened. I must be crazy. You know that
that's conditioned um so is denial uh
and walling off of the different parts.
But um I do know that what was being
done at home was also for the cult and
the trafficking what was being done at
church in school uh was all connected
and uh the mind control projects
um that's a whole another thing that um
I mean I had medical experimentation
I had um you know like where They are
doing torture and electric shock and um
just
>> and this was through the gifted and
talented program, right? Is where you
were funneled off for the the mind
control specifically.
Yeah, the the talented and gifted
program
um
some part of me
pieced something together that the
government gave schools
uh bluebird buses in exchange for kids
and I was one of those kids and so
somehow that's connected you know the
government program for talented and
gifted and that doesn't mean that all
talented and gifted programs are like
this. Uh but it it was in my case. And
so we I and other kids from school, not
all of them because that would be too
suspicious, were busted to the back of
this free clinic where these German Nazi
scientists, doctors were doing a mind
control project which included um you
know like
supposedly finding that cure for cancer
which was never uh the truth. But you
know there was a lot of kids there.
There was um you know and that time
period that you know the times that I
was brought there from school those
times that I was there with my dad was
separate from the school stuff.
So there was like a duality going on
like anybody that went to that free
clinic was also being funneled into this
mind control project.
Not everyone. I I wouldn't be able to
say that and and be accurate, but that's
also how people were being uh taken into
this these projects.
What types of experiments like what were
they trying to accomplish at this
medical clinic? What things were they
testing for or trying to further
research for? You mentioned cancer,
which you know, I've heard that a lot in
these stories where that's what they
tell children is that you're helping
contribute to AIDS or to this virus or
to this condition, you know, and it's
basically like they're pumping them full
of medicine and sort of, you know, doing
medical experimentation on them. Um, so
it can be confusing to come out of that
and be like, was it really research for
this or were they doing something else,
you know?
>> But what did you have you figured out at
all? what what was what were they trying
to to accomplish or what was the result
they were trying to get from these
experiments?
>> It doesn't bother me to talk about these
things anymore
because I've connected the dots uh of
what happened but also connected with
the parts of me uh that knew what
happened to me. Um, so I had memories of
um,
this isn't hard for me to talk about,
but it might be hard for other people to
hear. Uh, so I'll be careful with how I
say this. Um,
I have memories of having these supposed
scientists, supposed doctors. Uh they w
they did wear lab coats uh like a doctor
and they did have uh a lab that they
created that looked like a regular
research lab. Um but I know it wasn't.
Um it was just an excuse to do what they
were doing to little children. Um, but I
have uh connected with parts of me that
they actually these people actually
drilled into my skull
uh while I was awake and they were um
they gave me drugs and they I remember
very specifically be put on a a metal
table. I do not know why they use metal
tables, but they do. It's very common. I
saw myself and others being put on these
metal tables. And so, for one thing,
it's cold and you know, you're just
exposed cuz you know, your clothes are
all taken off. And why would you need to
have all your clothes taken off to have
medical experimentation and you know,
for research? It doesn't make any sense.
But they not only uh drilled in the top
of my skull, but they also drilled up
the roof of my mouth and up through my
nose. And um
some of what they were doing, I don't
know why they were doing it, but some of
what they did was to actually
I don't know if they did this with the
drugging that they did. So, I felt like
I was paralyzed and I couldn't move or
if what they were doing to my brain was
causing this. I don't know. But so, they
would say things to me while they're
doing this, well, move your right hand,
you know, move your toes. And I couldn't
move my toes. And so then because I
couldn't move
then they would give me electric shock
to punish me because I didn't do what I
was told. And so they did I do remember
them also
trying to
access the left brain only and try to
remove every single part of me on the
right side of the brain to only have
left brain thinking.
And the reason I say that is because
they were trying to target
uh any part of me that could be
creative. And that's how they use this
name talented and gifted because in
another room, I know I'm getting off of
the the medical experimentation and the
and the torture and stuff, but in
another room before they started to do
the the medical stuff, it it's not even
medical. It's it's terrorist of the mind
and body is is what they're doing. Um so
in another room they're encouraging
creativity, you know, like letting me
dance on a stage, letting me sing, you
know, and all these other kids get to do
this, too. And you know, like we're
looked at as celebrities and we're going
to be famous someday and just all of
this bull. Uh but as a kid, you believe
it. I believed it. And so then, you
know, we're treated like this these
amazing kids, you know, that are so
special and talented and gifted and all
this and and then the next thing we know
I the next thing I know um I'm having
all this stuff done to me in this
created man-made German lab. It's it was
nothing that the United States um was
the the United States was um
they allowed these people to come into
the United States, but it was not like a
clinic that any of us could go to. It
was just created for uh exploiting
children. And so here I am on this metal
table and this was done over and over
again. It wasn't a one-time incident,
but I was just looking at
um a CT scan of my skull that I had had
in 2017
because I was having some sinus
problems. And uh I was up up early this
morning doing some research and looking
at this uh CT scan in front of my eyes
on my computer and what they found um on
this CT scan at the time they said well
I encourage you to get some neurological
um workups to follow through with this.
But when I mentioned that I had had
severe trauma, then the ENT doctor was
like, "Oh, okay. That explains it." So
anyway, what is on my uh CT scan report
is there are extensive calcifications
along the anterial faulks F A L X and
they call it hypers hyperostosis
frontalus
um which is otherwise known as HFI.
Um and I was doing some research. I
really believe the parts of me that
remember what happened. Uh because I
know um
how hidden this stuff is and when you
hear other survivors say similar things,
you know, you you just know it. I just
know it's true. Anyway, this is an
uncommon condition and it's
characterized by excess bone growth with
multiple nodules mostly on the inner
table of the frontal bone.
And it is a rare condition. Uh usually
they find it uh unless you're having
headaches and and other things, they
find it uh just randomly. And when it
gets severe enough uh there's
significant compression of the menenesis
that can lead to compromise in blood
supply and neural tissues. And this is
where it gets interesting in the frontal
lobe
including the brocus area which is what
they targeted and the pre uh the
premortal
pre-oter
uh cortex and the preffrontal is
associated
uh that cortex is associated with
cognition and memory
and so I believe that I my mind was
being targeted just like other survivors
in in these mind control experience
experiments.
And
what's interesting is that um
I was reading how there's that fold of
dura matter that separates the two
hemispheres of the brain, the cerebral
hemispheres.
And I have parts that have remembered
and let me know that that's is what was
happening. They were trying to
alter the different hemispheres of the
brain and the way that the brain fires
so that they controlled
how I would think. They controlled how
and what I would do and how and what I
would not do. So the parts of the the
parts of my brain that were parts of me
because that's I mean I'm just one
person. I'm not multiple people. But
those parts of me that were
right brain were not allowed to ever
come out. No creativity, no no use of my
own um god-given abilities. you know,
they they
targeted the the the gifts and the
talents that God put in me so that I
would not use them hopefully ever in in
their uh if they had their way. But God
is greater and I am able to use my
creativity. Uh but not without extensive
years of you know like breaking through
that conditioning and like making new
neur neuropathways
in my own mind. And there are times,
Emma, when
during the time I was connecting with
the memories and the parts of me in my
brain,
I actually felt my brain sapping and
rewiring and and changing to the other
side of my brain. I literally felt it. I
literally heard it inside of my head.
And
unfortunately, the things that they do
through all of this work, it kept me
enslaved
for most of my adult life, other than
getting away in like n around 1990 is
when I really started uh escaping all of
this. But, you know, our brains
don't know that it's safe. And the way
that our brains work, even if we do get
away, the way our brains work, it's like
that brain is still on survival mode,
911, red alert, you know, like always,
you know, thinking uh there's danger.
and the the conditioning and the
programming that's suggested during the
the torture and during the electric
shock and it it it's so effective
um because I was controlled. I was a
slave. I was used for child pornography
and child sex trafficking. And it it's
like
you you have no choice
um as a child or a teen and it is
different than the trafficking.
All of this is different than like I
have a survivor that shared her story
with me and she had been sexually abused
by a person in the family but it didn't
include ritual abuse and all of that um
or SRRA but then in college
she was literally abducted by a
boyfriend and who held her at gunpoint
from that point on to
do whatever he said and he used the
threat of uh that he would harm her
family and thank God she got away. But
that not to diminish in any way at all
um the people that are trafficked that
way or abducted. But there's a
difference because in that case um the
difference is this. They haven't had all
the programming and conditioning that
tells them they just have to do whatever
they're told. And um yes, it's so
horrible that, you know, any of that
happens at all. And it's it's hard to
get away from those kind of traffickers,
too. Um, but I don't I always want to
leave people with hope and you know like
so saying all this stuff about what was
done to my mind. The hope is this um God
created our minds, they're ours. And
when we can connect with our own mind
and our own emotions and our own parts
of our brain that were um horrifically
um I think of terrorists of the mind,
you know, that attacked the mind and the
emotions and the and the self that we uh
have that was given to us by God. Uh God
created our brains to be able to
dissociate and have um even though it's
uh purposefully engineered with ritual
abuse and mind control. Um he created
our minds to be able to do that in the
first place uh for survival. And he also
created our minds to be resilient
resilient and to be able to heal and to
be able to go back to the way he created
us. Uh, yes, I'll never be the way I was
before this, but God has helped me to
reclaim my mind, my emotions,
my body, my soul, and you know, his
spirit lives in me. And what Satan and
all of these people meant for evil and
harm, God did mean for good. Um, and he
has
uh given me a new life uh different than
before. Um, I still deal with the
effects every single day. Um, I I'm sure
I always will, but it has been so worth
it. my life. anyone else out there. Your
life is worth the fight that it takes to
get your mind back and to reclaim your
emotions and to take your body back and
your power back that was never supposed
to be used in these ways against, you
know, it's like having an internal enemy
against our own mind because they they
set up these conflicts and walls in
between the parts of our brains And they
do, they rewire our brains and they
disconnect our emotions from us. They
disconnect us from our body. And we're
never supposed to look within. We're
always supposed to just look out here
and and comply and be subservient to
them.
But
I kept pushing through that conditioning
that said, "Don't do this. You know,
it's dangerous."
uh we're, you know, somebody's going to
die, we're going to die. Uh it's like we
didn't die. We we gained back our life.
Um and oh, it's exciting. It there's so
much hope in all of it.
And I am just like in awe of what God
has done in my life and what I've seen
him do in others, too. I am just in awe
of the fact that survivors are talking.
there. It seems like they're waking up
earlier and there's a huge movement of,
you know, survivors uh kind of like back
when I started that nonprofit survivors
helping others unite together. That
movement I didn't realize started back
then, but then there was the satanic
panic and the false memory syndrome and
all of that and it really like shut
people down. But, you know, look what
you're doing uh here, Emma, with all
these survivors and, you know, people
like you, people like Relentless Hope,
um people like Goel, uh who's got a
Substack, um investigations in Ritual
Abuse, people like Jason and Alexia
Preston with We Are the People podcast.
There's a lot of neat stuff happening in
Utah where survivors are speaking out
and there's people like um these other
people that aren't survivors and just
like you Emma, you know, like here you
are answering that call or mission in
your life and you know you and all these
other people are offering platforms for
us to speak and tell our truth and we
are stronger together. We are mighty
even in our own self. You know when we
know who we are, when we know um you
know that those things were never okay
to happen to us and it's not our fault
and you know we couldn't have done
anything different and that we forgive
ourselves
uh and then can find life you know apart
from them.
Um,
it's just like, wow.
>> It's amazing. And when we share
testimonies like what you are, as hard
as it is to talk about these things and
to hear them, they're so common. It's
there's nothing new under the sun, like
we said, and if memories are false,
according to the False Memory Syndrome
Foundation, how damn ironic that all
these survivors from all over the world
who don't know each other, all their
false memories are exactly the same.
They all involve experimentation, these
horrific rituals, intergenerational,
multigenerational abuse, incest, all
these different things. So, why wouldn't
the memories be something different? Why
wouldn't some people have really happy
memories that they're suddenly
remembering or memories of just
something totally different? It's all
the same. And, you know, I really
appreciate you as well sharing about the
the gifted talented program aspect
because that was surprising to me to
learn how common that is. when I went to
school and I didn't have that at my
school, but we had like advanced
classes, I guess, where some kids like
went into like these more advanced
classes. But you look at that like it's
an honor. Like it's a prestigious thing.
Parents are proud of their kids for
being overachievers and being recognized
for high IQs and those are like the
smart like nerdy kids, you know? Not a
thought goes through people's heads that
aren't involved with the abusive side of
this that there could be anything bad
about this because they paint it to be
just this amazing thing. And like you
said, not all programs that exist for
accelerated kids or smarter kids are
bad. But I found it's very common in
many countries where these kids that
were multi-generational
um trafficking and organized abuse
victims that were passed down were split
off from the rest of the school and put
into classes that they would call gifted
and talented. Some kids would there
would be other kids in the actual class.
So there were kids that were just doing,
you know, higher thinking activities
and, you know, games and there was like
that type of gifted and talented. But
then there were these other factions
where they'd take smaller groups of kids
out, take them off off the school
property or have a separate room for
just those kids and they would just do
these heinous exper experiments on them.
And so you see again how like inverted
this stuff is that there's the
perception that they give the public
about something like that cuz that's not
hidden. Like everybody in, you know, all
over America knows about gifted and
talented programs or whatever they're
called now. The name's always changing,
but
>> yeah,
>> everybody has heard of that. And they
look at those kids, you know, in a
certain way. Wow, that's cool that you
were in that, you know, the gifted
program. You must have been really
smart, you know. But when you hear about
sort of the the other side of it that a
lot of times these were children that
were recognized through their abusive
families as being, you know, I've heard
of children being experimented on for
their psychic abilities and spiritual
gifts um for Stargate programs, the
remote viewing, you know, those were
sort of all as well tied into these like
special programs. And so it's just
really it's scary how well this stuff
hides. You know, whether in a church, in
a school, at a medical clinic, a lot of
it is right in front of our faces,
places that we're driving by, places
that our children go, these things are
happening there. And again, it doesn't
mean every program or every child that
goes to those schools or is in those
institutions is being uh abused or
involved with this, but I think about,
you know, going to school and I'm like,
I wonder if I went to school with with
any kids who were going through what you
did. And I sat next to them in class. I
played with them on the playground. I
did a school play with them. I played an
instrument in the same class with them
and like had no idea what was happening
to them behind the scenes, what they
were going home to or maybe being taken
out of class for maybe, you know, so
stories like yours, I think it's
validating because there's like the
societal perception of, you know, these
are really great programs that we have
for kids and that can be really
isolating if one survivor is waking up
and saying, "But wait, I think I was
abused in that class." And everybody
else is like, "No, that's not you're
crazy." like those classes are for
advanced learning. What are you talking
about? You must have a false memory. So,
it's also so validating. The more we
talk about these hard things, the more
it puts survivors at ease of like, oh,
me too. I'm not alone. Thank goodness,
you know, thank goodness that I'm not
alone that this is a thing that they
have done where they've snuck into
schools in this way and then made it
seem really good,
>> but behind the scenes they're doing
these really bad things to select
children.
And yeah, like we both have said, it's
not all bad because there are some
accelerated learning programs that are
wonderful, but you know, parents just
automatically trust the schools or the
churches, you know, that their kids are
doing what they're saying, you know, the
notes they get home, take home from
school, that they're just doing these
awesome, wonderful things. And uh for
survivors like me and others, that's not
always the case. Um, and it's uh
documented, you know, that our
government brought over like 1,600 Nazi
scientists through Operation Paperclip
and, you know, went through the same
things that I've described and, you
know, they they had the declassified CIA
documents available, you know, and then
there was the church committee and, you
know, if they can acknowledge,
you know, like I think of things like
agent in orange and like my husband's a
Vietnam veteran uh and he was subjected
to that but he know he doesn't have um
the effects like some people do um
because he was only exposed to it as far
as he knows once but if they can if our
government can acknowledge
uh that and compensate veterans I I
think of this recently like why can't
they acknowledge what it you know their
own document mented programs did to
children uh like me and others and you
know like I think of the
the debt that I've gone in in because of
you know like so many years of therapy
and inpatient and you know trying all
these different uh medications and uh
the retraumatization that there is not
only for me but for others when they go
to uh a psych ward for example where
then there can be like reaccessing and
having more things done to us which I
have had and and then you have to try to
recover from that and you know like pay
for medical bills and I've had so many
medical issues and I have severe
scoliosis of the spine. I've had two uh
low back surgeries. Um, I went to
Florida and had laser spine surgery,
which it helped for about a year. And
now, you know, I'm I'm really uh
struggling with that again. and after
being trafficked um and the the
devastation that there is uh with
financially
um we act I would like it and I am going
to activate act I'm I'm an advocate for
survivors but I'm just starting to get
into being an activist
um for survivors to have acknowledgement
and compensation
and recently with what's going on in
Utah. I've connected with uh Cindy at
Relentless Hope and Casey. Don't want to
forget her. Um and Jason, Alexia
Preston, uh we are the people podcast.
And they've connected together. They're
doing rallies. They're uh having
fundraisers and stuff for Relentless
Hope, which um I highly recommend that
organization. and I've been with them
for about a year and I just recently
started doing uh some volunteer uh stuff
for Relentless Hope with a monthly
support group. There's it's twice a
month and um bringing speakers to bring
topics to the survivors but in
connecting with uh these people from
Utah this year. Um,
okay. So, Jason and Alexia are facing a
civil suit because they have had
survivors speak on their podcast and
also Goel, who is from Investigations
and Ritual Abuse, uh, for talking. He's
he's Okay, so Jason and Alexia have a
civil suit against them for talking and
having survivors talk on their podcast,
right? And so then Goel, he's got a
stalking injunction against him for
talking about people, not stalking them,
like going to them and harassing them
and all that, but so here's these people
that are being criminalized
for for talking and having survivors on
their podcasts. And so it's like what's
going on is similar to what happens when
sometimes when we talk. Not to scare
anybody off from talking as a survivor
cuz I'm living proof that I'm still here
and I've been talking. Uh but anyway,
Dr. Kirk Moore, I want to bring this uh
out here too. Dr. Dr. Kirkmore uh is a
do a plastic surgeon from Utah and
recently
he had to face he was going to have to
face 35 years in prison and uh I don't
remember how much the fines were but uh
it was going to go to court and the
department of justice uh was hellbent
and I believe that's where the source is
coming from hellbent on prosecuting um
for treating those patients that he did
he did this for free for treating
patients with ivormectin and then I
can't remember the the medication that
actually helps cure COVID. Uh and then
there was even a woman that uh if she
wouldn't have gotten a vaccine, she
wouldn't have been able to get uh uh I
don't remember what the transplant was,
but she would have been taken off the
waiting list for getting an organ
transplant. Uh so Dr. Moore was treat he
he opened a vaccine clinic and he was
treating people uh in keeping with his
oath to do no harm, right? And really
caring for patients for free. And
because he didn't use the vaccines that
he was given and he was uh which the
inner insert of the vaccines were blank,
didn't have the usual information on
them. But so here's this guy and
according to the government, it looks
like he's he's doing fraudulent things
because he's going against what the
protocol is and you know treating
patients. And so, um, Jason and was
instrumental in doing a rally and
getting people a press conference
together and getting people, um, fired
up to speak out and really stand up for
this doctor. And, uh, Dr. Moore has a
son. I think he's 19 years old. I think
his name is Michael. But when Dr. Moore
texted his
the other person that was going to be
charged the night before the court
hearing. He was actually arrested for
talking to somebody by text. Um and he
was put in jail for 22 days and I think
it was 2019
um Dr. Moore's uh wife passed away. So,
here's their son uh having to wa watch
his dad be taken away in handcuffs as if
he's a criminal uh just for doing the
right things and going against the the
main medical um protocol. And so, I just
learned this year that we can appeal to
the higher courts of heaven. And so I I
went in prayer
uh with the encouragement of a of I have
a prayer warrior friend and she told me
what to do and how to do it. She's so
you know you list the you go before the
courts of heaven uh and ask the uh the
courts of heaven how do you uh see this
case you know and you I brought the
charges that were against him and said
this is what's going on here on earth
what does heaven have to say about this
and I asked God to bring that verdict
down to earth now was this case
dismissed because of me no there were
all these people that were speaking out
and praying and rallying together and
not just, you know, not just putting up
with this stuff and
Pamela Bondi dismissed his case.
That is a miracle,
but I've been in contact with Jason and
really encouraging him and praying with
him because he's facing a civil suit.
And then same thing with Goel. I haven't
been praying with him, but I've pray
been praying for them. And I truly am
excited and anxious to see what God does
in those too because I truly believe
that God has called like this army of
survivors and people to stand with us.
And it it's so exciting because he's
he's making the way uh for this to
happen. And people are called even like
you that you know you're you're not
necessarily a survivor of of ritual
abuse uh and mind control, but you're a
big part of this.
So, thank you.
It's an honor. I don't know how people
can hear even a shred of this and not
feel compelled to do something. You
know, I I try to think about I believe
survivors, but I know a lot of people
are still on the on the edge of what
their mind will allow them to believe.
But in my opinion, even if 1% of what
all of you say is true, we should be in
the streets fighting for you guys.
Absolutely. Like going all out like even
if 1% of this is true, you know? So for
me, it's like how are we not upset with
this? You know, people got in the
streets because of COVID, because of
elections. There's all these things
because of race, people's skin color,
you know, people get in the streets for
everything except for for the children,
except for for survivors.
>> Yes.
>> You know, uh even veterans, people like
you said, they're acknowledged as
somebody a demographic of people that
need extra care, that they need money to
every month to help sustain treatment,
to help sustain life, you know, to be
able to survive. But yet with survivors,
the first thing that people always say
is that they don't believe you or show
proof, you know, and it's like how
horrible that, you know, you go through
everything that you do, you have all
these horrific memories that that you're
trying to to cope with, heal from, and
then eventually, you know, if if
somebody ends up being in a position
like you where they can finally speak
out and then all of a sudden it's like,
no, you know, and the other problem is a
lot of these people that you talk about
are or were prominent members of society
You know, these are people that that
were in lab coats, in suits, they had
businesses, they were smart people, they
were resourceful people, they went to
church, you know. So, when you share
too, like, who's doing this? People want
to say, "Oh my gosh, it's so horrible
that kids are being abused, but I don't
believe you cuz that person was nice to
me. That's a good person. I know that
person from work or I've seen that
person or I know that that that
politician I voted for, so they can't be
abusive, you know?" And it's just so
wild how, you know, we we gaslight these
things and as a society and we don't we
don't get enraged and like stand by you
and help fight for you to get resourced.
You know, it's the least that you guys
could do is to have some type of, you
know, financial backing or support
acknowledgement. You know, this is
proven on many fronts that that MK Ultra
that mind control projects existed. I
think the missing link is even with all
the documentation that's out, even the
documentation, there was a bunch that
came out in December, I think Christmas
Eve of last year, um, documentation on
MK Ultra, they they tend to stop right
before they get to the part where
children were involved.
>> They talk about the experiments, but
talk about how consenting adults were
taken advantage of. These were adults
that signed and and, you know, they they
signed a waiver to go into these
experiments, but they were taken
advantage of. They didn't know that they
were going to be drugged and they had
all these things done. And so people
feel bad, but I think people also think,
well, these were adults. They they were
responsible. Like they were taken care
of. These were people that, you know, I
feel really bad for. But when you think
about that, these were that was one
aspect of it. But then you look at all
the children that they ended up bringing
in and still do. And that part they have
not admitted to on many levels. You
know, there were the radiation
experiments um testimonies that happened
in 1995, the ACRE
um testimonies that went before
Congress, but that was mostly focused on
radiation, even though they had
mentioned mind control, you know, but
it's just not acknowledged that these
are children that are being enslaved.
And so, I think that's like where a lot
of the disconnect is with this is that
people know that it happened. I think
most people tend to believe that MK
Ultra is what people say it was that
that our government ran experiments. But
the perception is these were consenting
adults who were taken advantage of and
that really sucks, but it wasn't that
many people and it doesn't affect me so
I shouldn't care. And we leave out the
whole part where no, this was that was
part of it. Of course, they used adults
too, but they ended up realizing that
children were better for this. And so
they kind of threw out that whole aspect
of using just adults and, you know,
started started doing this to children.
>> Yeah, I think you bring up an excellent
point, Emma. Um cuz survivors that speak
out, you know, it's usually as adults
because it takes that long before their
memories can and can surface and then
they can feel safe enough if they feel
safe enough. But we're, you know, we're
labeled as conspiracy theorists and, you
know, like labeled in put into that um
like satanic panic, you know, that
that's the argument they use. Oh, that
that was never proven or you know, all
this stuff. Uh or you know, like we're
spreading misinformation if we talk
about the COVID stuff. But yeah, they're
forgetting the children. They're
forgetting that this happens without
anyone's consent. no child consents to
having this done. Uh whether it happens,
you know, in familial uh instances where
there's multi-generational uh abuse that
passes down or, you know, like a child
goes to church or a camp or, you know,
whatever and and then it starts, you
know, to them there. They do not
consent. There is no way that that they
um are even aware of what's happening.
They're innocent.
Um, and
meanwhile, traffickers and all of these
criminal networks, they're making
multi-billion dollars a year uh off of
these children and teens and and adults.
And it's like it is so
important for them to keep it hidden, to
keep it from being exposed that they
will do anything. They do not care about
the children. They don't care about
people. Uh they care about the almighty
dollar and you know where their power
and greed is going to continue. And
that's what is forgotten is the
children. And these children are still
being abused. And these mind control
projects are still happening. It it's
not something that stopped uh just
because the government said something
about it and oh that doesn't happen
anymore. or like the radiation
acknowledgement. Um that's another thing
that I had um happened to me is my whole
left side was radiated with radiation
and I I have had so many medical things
that happened from on my left side only
and you know just this past month I had
a root canal done after having a a tooth
back farther that had had to be pulled
um oh just maybe two years ago, but then
recently having this root canal with
another tooth and then even after
spending the money for a root canal, I'm
not complaining, I'm just saying the
truth here. Um having that same tooth
that I just spent lots of money on cuz
my dental insurance ran out for the
year. Uh part of that tooth broke and a
couple little pieces broke off and now
I'm facing more money. uh and dental
work which is it's so hard to have to go
to a dentist or have medical procedures
done uh after having the medical
experimentation
and you know I I get through it and
everything but there's no compensation
um and I know that those are direct
effects of the radiation that was uh
done to me uh can I prove that no but
Um, I've had so many cysts and biopsies
uh removed done and removed from my left
breast. Um, and just lots of I had a
cyst removed from uh the left side of me
on the outside of my colon. Um, just all
sorts of things. And uh I think of the
the so many people that with
unrecognized trauma that don't know that
this is you know maybe a direct result
of you know the abuse that they've had
and how as long as uh the people that
are in high places that don't
acknowledge this don't acknowledge where
these effects are coming from. These
survivors spend years of suffering and
anguish and money that it cost them to
try to figure out what's going on
because sometimes it can be body
memories. Uh sometimes it can be
something serious going on that they
really need care for. And when we're
disconnected from our body, sometimes we
don't even feel something that's going
on that needs attention.
And it's just there's so much um that
continues for each survivor
um you know to to get the therapy that
they need to get the medical care or
dental care that they need and and to
have the support that they need um you
know all of their needs are so
important. And that's another thing
we're dehumanized to the point where we
don't feel like we deserve to have our
needs met. And you know that takes a lot
of um like rehabilitating from therapy
or you know from other people saying you
you deserve to have your needs met. You
deserve to have your mind and your
emotions and your life and your body and
and to be connected with all of you. And
um it's it's sad to see the effects, but
it's also hopeful and and exciting to
see uh the way that survivors are
speaking out and telling each other, you
know, that, hey, you you deserve to have
your life and you deserve to have your
needs met and it's okay to have needs
and you're so worthwhile and you're of
so much value.
uh just for being the wonderful person
that you are, not for anything you do.
And trafficking is is so horrible
along on top of what's already being
done with the dehumanization.
Uh, in my trafficking, um,
every time money was put on the
nightstand and I had to hand that money
to my handler who stood in the doorway,
um, I always had to say, "This is all
I'm worth." And each time I did that,
uh, he said, "No, you're you're not
worth anything. You're you're nothing."
And and then I had already had some
rituals where I uh was given a little
piece of gold. I don't even know if it
was really gold, but by these people
dressed up in pirates telling me that I
sold my soul to the devil. And so every
time I would give that money after being
horrifically raped and trafficked, you
know, over and over again, I gave that
money to my trafficker. And
that condition
um statement that I sold my soul to the
devil and this is all that I'm worth and
I don't even get to keep any of it. that
has stuck with me so
uh for so long that I'm still breaking
free of the uh effects of that. But just
this month in one of my prayer ministry
sessions,
um Jesus told me that I was priceless
and to him I was worth more than any
gold or any money on this earth. And I
really believe that is true of every
single person that's that's had this and
is dehumanized and exploited. No person
should ever be for sale. No child, no
teen, no adult, no person.
And I don't ever believe that people
really choose that for a lifestyle
because they've already had sexual
abuse. They've already had exploitation.
even if it hasn't been for money yet. Um
I don't think there should ever be uh
people women called prostitutes.
Um they're they're survivors. They're
they're priceless. They're people that
deserve better. And I am just so
amazed at how God is healing so many
people and teaching them the same things
he's teaching me and helping me to
reclaim
our self. You know that was God-given.
Well said, Sherry. Oh my gosh, I had
chills and I feel like I could bomb my
eyes out after listening to that. It's
so powerful and you couldn't be more
right. The dehumanization, I mean, a
little precious child, you know, that
would crush an adult to hear that. It
does crush adults when somebody
dehumanizes them if they're in an
abusive relationship or around somebody
who makes comments to them that are very
degrading. That can wear on their soul
for the rest of their life and cause
trauma as an adult. somebody whose brain
is fully formed and they can think, you
know, and you think about these things
being told to a little child who should
just be out playing and being loved and
coming home to dinners that are made
from their parents and cuddles at night,
you know, and and to think that you're
being told that, it's just like so
heartbreaking,
>> you know, and I think that that's like
it's a really big pain point for
survivors, especially when, you know, we
were talking the other day on the phone.
It's like it's the total opposite. You
guys are recognized and whether or not
these things should actually be valued
in society is totally debatable. Like
there's no bloodline that's like way
better than somebody else's to where
they they deserve to be rulers of the
world or where it gives them permission
to abuse somebody. Of course not. But
your bloodlines are important. Sometimes
blood types. You have high IQs. you,
most of you have very um highly
developed um psychic or spiritual gifts.
You know, you guys have the ability to
to dissociate, which I love that you
call it dissociative identity response
that it's a it's a gift that that you're
given to survive, but your brain does
compartmentalize. It does fracture. Your
mind does. And you do you do go through
extensive training and conditioning with
many different things. You know, a lot
of you had um public speaking or writing
or musical, you know, uh combat, martial
arts. There's so many things that they
train you in to where you have all these
different skill sets and you're able to
solve problems quicker because you have
different parts that can work together
to see the world in different ways,
different skill sets, you know, and so
it's horrible that they that they tell
you all these things because you guys
are some of the most just absolutely
incredible humans in the world. And
again, I'm not ranking people. Just
because somebody wasn't abused doesn't
mean that they're not special. But they
pick you specifically because they think
that you're special because they know
that you're capable of going through and
surviving all these things that they're
going to put you through. You know, they
know that you're special and they do
everything they can to tell you that
you're not. That way you don't take what
they're learn what they're conditioning
you for and what you were born with and
use it against them. That is their worst
fear. And so it's just freaking
beautiful like hearing you today. You
took that power back. It no longer
belongs to them, you know? And
>> that is their biggest fear that you
realize that no, you are special, that
you are priceless, that you are gifted,
that you are just incredible, you're
amazing, you're brilliant, you're
beautiful. Like they they wanted to take
that from you because they they knew
that if it wasn't controlled by them
that it would turn into a weapon against
them. And now survivors get to do that.
You know, you guys get to take your gift
back. You're creating all these
beautiful businesses and projects and
podcasts and books and all music. I
mean, the things that you're doing with
all the gifts that that you have now,
it's beautiful. And they're serving
humanity, you know, in a really positive
way. You're able to now fill your cup
with what you want to use those things
for and then share them with people, you
know. And I love so much that you've
come this far to where you can hear that
message from God and receive it and to
where now you can believe that and see
through the facade of what they told
you. But you're right, a lot of people
don't get there and they relive that.
And as adults, they're so crushed by
those things that they were told that
now their worth is dependent on selling
themselves. And so they do go into the
adult entertainment industry. they go
into strip clubs because that's that's
what their price tag is is I'm only
available as a product. That's where my
worth is to somebody else, you know. And
it makes me really sad when people make
fun of these women and men that get into
these industries cuz I see the same
thing. I see victim written all over
these these these individuals. Nobody
that's like all healed and was raised in
a very loving home and has loving spouse
and and support system around them.
That's not something that type of person
thinks, oh, I'm going to go I'm going to
go do this one day. You know, that is
that's a direction many times. And there
might be some people here and there that
like they they choose to do that and
they genuinely enjoy it and that's fine
on them. But, you know, I've I believe,
you know, 99% of the people in that
industry are victims of sexual abuse, of
trafficking, even of things that you've
went through, you know, the the torture
and mind control, because they they
couldn't break that. They didn't have
the support to realize that they're
actually priceless, you know, and that
they're worth so much more
>> than having to be a commodity for other
people. That that's not what you're here
for. You're here to do so much more than
that. And I love that you broke free of
that. And like like I said, I just love
that your story has obviously it's a
lifelong journey, but you have such a
happy ending where you are now, you
know, in love and in life and in the
things that you're realizing and
accepting about yourself. You know, it's
just so wonderful and it's so inspiring
for other survivors to see that who are
suffering with those things and saying,
"Oh, I'm I'm worthless. Like, why? Why
me? Why me?" And it's like, "Why you?"
Because you're special. Cuz you are
smart. Cuz you have spiritual gifts.
because you're from these bloodlines
that they value. Like it's not because
you're worthless or or or anything like
that. It's because you were valued so
high that they chose you. Yes.
>> You know,
>> and they do encourage our gifts. Um and
get us to be writers and singers and
dancers and so you know like just all
these different things. Um, I think of
how as survivors we become a threat to
the very people that thought we would
never grow up and go against them. Not
in a like repaying evil for evil way,
but just like I grew up. I know what you
did to me type thing. And it's like I'm
going to take my life back and I have
taken my life back. And when we find our
voice and we use it, whether it's, you
know, pages in a journal or to our
therapist or a support person or being,
you know, writing a blog or, you know,
like sharing it with a a person that you
can trust or, you know, speaking out
like like you do, Emma, and you have
provided that platform for other
survivors to do or like with what I
It's like we do become a threat and
that's why all these uh civil suits and
stalking injunctions and you know stuff
is happening to people because they are
like oh crap you know we didn't expect
this we got to do something about this
but um I'm excited at the same time
about the gifts that I've reclaimed for
my own self um I've written a book uh a
journal called Surrendered, Embracing
God's Will and Receiving God's
Blessings. Uh it's on Amazon. And then
I'm hoping to publish my second book,
Women of Purpose: Shared Identity,
Unique Calling. Uh which is um going to
be on Amazon, too. Um I also you
mentioned this in my introduction I've
been taking the writing that I've my
parts have written for over the years
and I have uh five around 500 songs that
I've written from those writings and
that it's been a neat way to hear the
different parts of me and really connect
with you know you know how music is so
touching it touches your emotions and
your soul. and it bypasses conditioning
and everything, but I do have seven
albums uh like on Spotify and Apple
Music and iTunes and other streaming
platforms. Um and also it's just so neat
to
um have accomplished, you know, like the
things that I have for my own self. And
I'm hoping that I can
uh connect with other survivors through
my music. Uh because some of my music
actually has been what has kept me
alive. First the poetry and the writing,
but um it wasn't that long ago. It was
this year I wrote a song
um and I can't remember the specific
title of it, but it is actually what
kept me alive. that week. Um, and I know
it is something that, you know, I'm
pushing past past conditioning to
actually make money for myself. Um, but
I really know that this can help so many
people to take back their minds and
their emotions and their bodies and and
say, you know, like, no, I'm not going
to be in this anymore. And if Sherry can
do it, if other survivors can do it, I
know I can do it. And I I don't like I'm
humbly saying this. If I can break
conditioning and years of programming
and mind control and um connect with the
parts of me, you know, like little
children and teens and and very hurting
parts um you know, that are were in
dungeons and basement and cemeteries who
thought they were in hell, who thought
they were dead, um who literally did not
even believe they existed anymore. So
can every single survivor out there. And
when they know somebody believes them,
um, they they give it gives them hope
and it helps them to know they're not
alone.
Is that my goal to make money? No. My
goal is to
help others reclaim their voice and uh
show them like this is possible for you,
too. if I make money off of the book,
um, my music, that would be great. But
God did tell me um, one day, as long as
my worth is tied to money at all, he
doesn't want that for me. So, he's
allowed me to not be able to make money
uh, until that part of me is healed. And
I believe that now that Jesus told me
that I'm priceless, that that's like his
go-ahad like now to say, "Okay, buy my
music. Uh listen to buy my book." Um
because it will help you. Not not so
much that it will give bring me income
because
in 2019 I was at the Ark Encounter in
the Creation Museum and I I was a mess.
I was literally a mess. Flashbacks,
nightmares,
uh being afraid to go anywhere. Um, I
was in a bathroom and I It's not like I
heard a voice, but in my head I I heard
and I was like, "Is this my thought?"
No. That I want you to be a voice for
the voiceless and speak out for those
who can't speak for themselves.
And I was like,
I knew it was God. And I looked up in
front of me uh and on the other side of
the stall door there was a poster of a a
woman speaker and for an upcoming uh
conference or something. And I was like,
"Oh god, it is you." And uh I'm like,
"How do you expect me to do this? I'm a
mess."
and he showed me that little bit by
little bit with uh the website and the
blog and the um YouTube channel and
connecting with other survivors.
Um you know, just it it's it's been easy
because he's in it and he always makes a
way where there seems to be no way.
>> Amen. What a powerful story of of
reclaiming, you know, and redemption and
overcoming just impossible odds. And I I
completely agree with you. If you and
others can do it, anybody can. No matter
how helpless you feel on the other side
of the screen, you know, that's where
everybody Sherry was there at one point
too and probably, you know, still
grapples with some of those feelings
like she said of despair and sadness
and, you know, it's something you
constantly have to overcome. even people
that didn't go through the type of abuse
that you do have intrusive thoughts and
insecurities and, you know, just days
where you just don't feel good. And I
think that that's like, you know, a
thing that's missing a lot in our normal
conversations in everyday life. We try
to put filters on whenever we post
photos and when people ask us how we're
doing, we always say, "I'm doing great.
How are you?" you know, and and not that
we don't want to be positive and, you
know, rays of light in the world, but so
many people who we look at and we think,
gosh, you know, that person has it all
together. That person's perfect. I wish
I was like them, you know, nobody has
the perfect life. And a lot of times the
more perfect something seems, the more
dysfunction there is a lot of times
behind the scenes, you know, and and
these stories and these testimonies
exemplify that. You know, who would
guess a gifted and talented kid was
going home and being trafficked or
experimented on? Who would guess that,
you know, these these children that are
musically gifted or have all these
different skills that they're using in
school plays or musicals, you know, or,
you know, band concerts, sports, those
kids, and you hear these stories of what
was actually going on behind the scenes,
you know, and and the families that they
came from, people that work in
government, military people, people that
are business owners in a local town, you
know, um doctors,
uh pharmacists, lawyers, judges, chief
of police, you know, you look at like
we're so conditioned to like value these
titles, priests, nuns, you know, and to
just automatically trust people because
of what they are, what they've
accomplished, you know, and and we do
that with children, we do that with
adults, you know, and and it's a huge
misconception because just because
somebody has a title, just because
somebody looks a certain way doesn't
mean that they are. Those people could
be predators or they could be they could
be victims. They could be survivors that
are deeply deeply in despair and they're
coming forward and smiling anyways, you
know. And I I love having these
conversations because it sort of breaks
that ice and hopefully can give people
confidence to have compassion when
they're out and about. You know, I had a
podcast guest recently who said, you
know, when you're statistically
speaking, when you're at a grocery
store, wherever you go, and you see you
see children walking, you know, try to
think that probably at least 50% of
those kids are being abused in some way.
And it's like, man, what a different way
to look at the world. And the same way
with adults, the people that we pass,
you know, we could be passing predators
when we're out and about. People that
are doing this to their children that
look great. They're in a suit and tie
and they're they're friendly. They're
charismatic. you know, and then on the
other end, we could be passing by people
who are going through something like
what you did and going out and then
going home and being horrifically
abused, you know. So, we really do have
to have that that compassion for people
and, you know, and and realize that
we're all we're all capable of
overcoming those things that make us
feel despair and sadness and depression,
you know, and that that those were
thoughts that somebody else gave us.
That was not a thought that God had for
us. That's not a thought ever that, you
know, somebody that that would be
talking to us in love would ever say,
you know, those are abusive things that
we're that we're told to condition to
take your power away, you know, and so I
really appreciate you shining a light on
that cuz I think it's going to touch a
lot of people on the other side of the
screen who are suffering in some way and
to just have that reminder of like, look
at everything I survived. Look at
everything I went through, but I think I
can't get through this that's happening
right now. Of course I can. I went
through all of that and I survived it.
So, I can totally get through whatever
it is today that I'm dealing with.
>> And for survivors that are going through
like nightmares and memories and
flashbacks and trigger after trigger and
you know, like because there's a time
period where that happens. um
we've already survived what already
happened to us. And so when you're
dealing with, you know, those memories
and connecting with the parts of your
mind that um you know, it just feels so
overwhelming, it's like
I would tell myself, you know, we
survived this already. You know, we're
going to survive the feelings of it. And
and you don't have to go back into all
the memories of everything that's ever
happened to you. And um I just want to
encourage people to uh hang in there and
to know that uh one thing that really
helped me to remember and I still
remember this is like okay I can breathe
through this. I can you know like get
the body responses back down to normal a
little bit so that I can regulate my
emotions. Emotions have a peak but they
come back down you know like and
whatever we can do when we feel that
child inside of us that feels terrified
is to like do the things that we can do
now in the present day whether it's like
okay this is 2025 I'm I'm safe if you
are safe not not it doesn't work if
you're not uh and then to just remind
that part of you to
uh know we're going to get through this.
And the more the childlike parts of us
know that the adult in us now is taking
care of us and and can handle things, uh
the more uh
more the more parts of our mind know
this um then we can like have that uh
breakthrough even through the um
horrific memories. And and then
sometimes there's um triggers that cause
flooding and conditioning to be set off
like like self harm programs. And
sometimes it happens as a result of
getting too close to memories and
therapy or or sometimes it happens
because someone has has you know done
that on purpose um to cause that. And
sometimes it's internal parts that are
setting things off because they think
that's what they're supposed to do. And
so it can be a one or or more of those.
But um conditioning does break down and
it is uh possible as I have proven and
many other survivors have that um I
think of the the people that have you
know talked like years ago and are still
you know talking and they they're free
and their programming you know doesn't
affect them anymore and um I actually
have talks with my son and over the
phone uh and my daughter who's uh
they're dealing with their own trauma
and uh some of the things that my son
especially has told me it's like years
ago I wouldn't have even been able to
listen to him. Um and I've been able to
be present and be there for him and and
be there for other survivors. But um so
survivors have such compassionate hearts
and um
we we're conditioned to believe that we
can't trust ourselves. We can't uh you
know like trust emotions or ever feel
anger because it's going to go out of
control or whatever the fear is. that um
we can
um connect with those parts that
and we don't have to fear what they're
going to tell us because
they are the reason that we survived.
They are
they know what happened to us and we can
believe them. Yeah. Are all the things
that you remember every exact detail
true? No. Some of it was probably
staged. Uh some of it um is definitely
orchestrated by these groups and uh
networks to cause you to believe things
that aren't true. But a child, the child
in us believed it. And so we need it's
important to believe them. even if it's
not all accurate and you don't have all
the details, but believing them
um is something that's so
uh helpful to overcome the the
programmed lies. And when we can connect
with the part that you know had the
programming happen and connect with the
lie that's been suggested, the adult in
us can reason it through with that child
part and say
did did that really happen? Uh
is this our own thought or is this
conditioning? Um, we're an adult now, so
we can we can decide together what we
want to believe. And conditioning does
break down. I'm thankful that that is
one thing that they didn't count on.
Same thing with us growing up and
becoming adults and remembering and and
no longer being silent.
>> Absolutely. And one thing that I I did
want to make sure that I asked you that
you brought up because this is to me one
of the most important things right now
that we can help guide society to
understand and survivors through is that
moment or moments many moments sometimes
where self harm or self-elimination
programming does kick in. You know, if
you don't even know what MKLture is or
mind control and you're waking up to all
these horrible memories and all of a
sudden you're triggered into
um a brain wave, a brain state that
wants you to to literally hurt yourself
in a moment. You know, we need to
prepare
society to be able to support somebody
around them that might go through that
to be able to stop it and coach somebody
through it. We need to make uh
therapists aware of this and helpers.
And most importantly, we need to help
survivors through those moments so they
don't take action on it when their body
wants to and is pressing them to. I
wanted to ask how you got through and
get through those moments whenever that
has kicked in for you, what worked to
help stop that.
>> Yeah. um
before I actually could um trust God or
Jesus at all, my husband, he was my
biggest support and um therapy, you
know, wasn't
really what I could trust um just
because of all the programming and self
harm. But one of the things I did do is
I I wrote up a agreement I don't like
the word contract agreement with all of
my parts that if they feel like they
want to harm um they have to agree on
this paper not to do so and we will talk
about it first and we will connect with
our support person whether it's uh our
husband or our therapist. Uh that was
helpful. Another thing that helped was
to write down phone numbers of safe
people, people that I could reach out to
cuz you know my husband's not always
going to be there. And um and kind of
like I put together and this is on the
resource uh section of the website at
arise andshine afterabuse.com.
I put together a a crisis plan and a
medical directive, but it's a like a
mental health med directive. And so I
did this because uh probably about 3
years ago, I ended up in the mental ward
um after having a knee replaced and I
was like I have to keep this from
happening again. Uh so by having sort of
like a plan so that when a part of you
is feeling suicidal or like they have to
get into self harm because this is
serious and um those parts don't always
know that there's a different option. Uh
they think that this is the only choice
because this is the only choice they
were given. Um, so by having
like put away knives, put away pills,
put away everything, uh, to have maybe
some I've I've done that with my
husband. Uh, having him help me with
that. Um, hiding the car keys. Um, but
you can't do that with people that you
you can't trust because then it feels
like, oh my gosh, you know, they have
this and, you know, and I don't have
control. Um, it has to be somebody that
you really trust and that is a a
supportive person and that will work
with you on it. Um, and I was able to
connect with the parts who were
programmed to do these things and it
would usually be when I was getting
close to memories that I was not
supposed to remember. And so this part
was the conditioned part that was
supposed to then follow through with the
conditioned response of harming me. I
never acted on it. I never once acted on
it. There was one day when that part of
me uh I had enough pills for like some
anxiety here and there, maybe like about
four pills and like that's going to harm
me, right? Uh so anyway, they grabbed
the pill bottle and they were like,
"We're going to take this." And they
were doing it in front of my husband.
They wanted help to resist it. And so by
having someone that can, you know, like
work with me like like he did or, you
know, if a if a person has that in their
life, you know, like where they can set
up these fail safes uh for when this
happens. It it really worked.
um because they really want help. They
don't think that there's another way or
another option. And so by giving them
different options, you know, like and
then I would put like, you know, like
little journals in different rooms or
and uh pens and and markers, you know,
like for anyone who wanted to write
something, even if it's just say help me
or cuz um that word is actually a
conditioned thing. So if a person that
is programmed calls 911, that actually
activates
some in me anyway, it activated more
programming on top of what I was already
going through because reporter parts are
supposed to call someone.
And so in doing that, it sets off a lot
more programming. And then that can get
into a lot more complicated um um harm
in itself where it's actually causing
the person harm instead of helping. Um
we're not supposed to ever get real help
is, you know, the conditioned belief.
And so I do not recommend going to an ER
unless you absolutely have to. I
recommend talking with someone that you
can really trust
and sometimes you don't know who you can
trust but sometimes by talking and
saying this is what's happening that's
what I feel like I'm I need to do uh
sometimes just using our voice
interrupts that programming or writing
something down so that the adult in us
can can connect with that part, you
know, and it it really did help to have
a crisis plan, to have these numbers
that I could call uh to have like this
mental health uh directive so that I
would know that these are my wishes, you
know, like I do not want to go into a
mental ward. I I need somebody to talk
to. Please help me to do that.
um three years ago after having a total
knee replacement. This is just proof
that, you know, there's no perfect
person. There's no perfect way of doing
this. But my husband of all people, he's
a he's been my biggest support. He's
wonderful. He's he's amazing. But he
said that he would care for me a after
having this knee replaced. And I was in
so much physical pain. And I even asked
him, a part of me asked him, "Are you
sure you can handle this?" And he's
like, "Yeah, yeah." You know, and um so
I had the knee replaced in a university
hospital and I was in so much pain
physically. It took a couple hours to
get home and by the time we got home, I
was in so much pain. And this is when my
traffic parts started coming forward and
they were literally terrified. And I and
then the medical experimented parts were
coming forward cuz we had this ice
machine that Frank would put around my
knee and have to elevate my leg. And um
so what started happening, we both found
ourselves in a position that we were not
prepared for. And he cared so much about
the pain I was in. And you know, he was
taking on that he was triggering me and
causing me problems and more suffering
that he became so frustrated and he was
like, you know, like he didn't know what
to do. And you know, like he was taking
care of all of my physical needs and
keeping on the uh schedule of pain
medication and icing, but he didn't
realize, and neither did I, that when he
was bringing me pain medication, I felt
like he was drugging me and trafficking
me. And when he was connecting me with
that machine that had the cooling water
uh that was helping my knee, I didn't
know and neither did he that these parts
that had been experimented on uh in the
medical lab projects. It's like they
thought the he was going to administer
electric shock and it it just became
this where I couldn't sleep then and I
was afra the parts were afraid of him
and previously they you know most of me
knew that he was the most supportive
person on the face of the earth and and
so
I ended up getting into like constant
fight flight freeze and you know like I
couldn't get those responses back down
long enough. And I tried to, you know,
like he'd fix us something to eat and
and then during the time I'm trying to
eat, I'm trying to explain all of this
to him and and how he can help me. And
he got after two weeks of doing that and
not having other people help because
just the situation we were in at the
time. Um my daughter has seven kids and
she couldn't help and um you know
there's so many people that are so busy.
But anyway, so we got in a situation
that it was so retraumatizing
uh because
he didn't know what to do. I didn't know
what to do. And we we were both just
like feeding off of each other's like
defensiveness and and uh helplessness,
you know, powerlessness that we found
ourselves in. And so he started yelling
at me and then the parts of me were, you
know, like um like so scared of him. And
then so he ended up calling 911.
And this is when after I got out of the
the hospital, um I put this crisis plan
and uh mental health directive together
for other survivors because I never
wanted anything like that to happen to
them either. But he called 911 because
he really didn't know what to do. And I
had a protective part come out who sat
him down in the living room one night
and he's like, "You're going to listen
to me." And he's telling my husband,
"You need to listen to me be or she's
not going to make it. She's going to
die." I actually was starting to shut
down. my system was starting to shut
down and um I wasn't in a position where
I could help myself. Um and so PT, I
call him uh he came out with my husband
and he was like, "This is what you're
going to do, buddy." You know, and he's
like, "You're going to sleep in the
other room and you're going to take your
alarm clock and all this stuff with
you." And and so Frank started feeling
like he was being controlled
>> and and it was a thing I had to do or we
wouldn't have made it. But so anyway, he
ended up calling 911 and you know, like
I was having lack of sleep. I needed to
feel safe. I needed an environment where
I could just have somebody that's not
emotionally involved uh and that's
feeling so powerless and helpless to,
you know, that's not emotionally
connected with, you know, taking things
personally and all that to just be that
emotional support more than anything.
And so, um, I ended up being in a mental
ward for 16 days and the the ER, they
did the swab up the nose, you know, to
check me for CO and I felt like I was
literally being reabused with the
medical stuff. Um, it just it felt like
very um like I would call it nose rape.
Um, and you know, then they had to take
another one because they might take me
to another hospital facility and I'm
like, "You already have one." And they
called me combative. Uh, they said that
um I was uh psychotic.
I was running on low sleep. All I needed
to do was feel safe and sleep and feel
like I could just get the care that I
needed with people that could, you know,
do that. They promised me when I went
into the mental ward um that I would
have all of my physical needs taken care
of. No. And they also had me talk. They
never once asked me if I felt safe. They
never asked me um if I needed someone to
talk to
and they were not trauma informed at
all. And so I spent 16 days in hell with
my Bible.
>> And um I was hanging on to my Bible. And
during that time I was using an old
rickety walker and I wasn't supposed to
be doing the things that I was doing in
there and cuz they take away everything
that you have. Um, and so
they were not trauma informed and it was
just like there was a loud noise and I
like I didn't yell, but I went h, you
know, and all of a sudden there's three
uh guys coming at me while I'm sitting
down and you know it's like
they have to stop someone from having a
trauma reaction because it's disturbing
the other patients. So then they put me
in this isolation where I was in this
enclosed space and um I literally, you
know, the the scenes from prison movies
where the toilet's way far down and it
it there was a toilet seat that was so
far down uh and they had cameras on me
at all times and I was in this little
room where there was no um handicap up
accessible things that I needed. I was
not allowed to have my CPAP machine or
my ice machine in the room there. So, I
had to sit out in the lobby where
everyone else was in day area or
whatever it was and have my leg dangling
down when it's supposed to be propped up
with pillows. And then, you know, I
could use the ice machine, but I didn't
get the care that I needed physically. I
was only two weeks
out of having a total knee replaced.
But what I learned in in that time is
that God was really there for me. You
know, he didn't leave me. And I knew
that he allowed it for a purpose. And so
after I got out of there, I got a hold
of that hospital and I said, "I am not
going to pay you for the care that I
didn't get." And I said, um, the 2010
American Disability Act says that you
have to have, uh, accessible, uh,
accommodations for people that are
either disabled from surgery or
permanently disabled. And I brought this
whole case before the the hospital and
and without a lawyer because I I
contacted a lawyer. I wasn't after money
or anything, but I wanted changes.
And that's where my little activist, my
activism started cuz it was like if
they're doing this to me, they're doing
this to other people.
>> And because I spoke up, even though it
was a hospital, you know, and you think
you don't go against hospitals and, you
know, you don't use your voice, I used
my voice and they they made changes.
they have um handicap accessible
facility facility and the noise that
actually caused that trauma response
because they were already making a you
new uh behavioral health unit. And so I
was thankful that because of what
happened, not only was I able to, you
know, like make some changes that did
happen there, but also that I could know
what would this have been like for
someone that was still caught in
trafficking, right?
>> And how can I help prevent this from
happening to other people? Because we're
treated
worse than animals. I mean, animals are
treated better sometimes. And when
there's people that are not willing to
hear us and to believe that any of these
things happen and how do you tell them
when you you've like when you're trauma
spons responses are triggered? It's like
I had to write an email on or in my
email on the way to the hospital like
what to tell them. You know, I've had
lack of sleep. You know, this is what's
happening. Please hear me. And they
didn't hear me. They didn't listen. And
if we can have something in writing
ahead of time to say, "This is what I
want. This is what I don't want. This is
what I need." you know, because when
we're in those emotional places where we
can't see our way out, we can advocate
for ourselves with having, you know,
mental health directives and having, you
know, things put in place as much as
possible.
That's so horrible. I've heard that so
many times. And you think about, I mean,
you just go back and reflect on all the
things that you said that you went
through as a child that you broke out
of. And so you're on a quest to
continually feel free to to be
sovereign, to not feel in control, to
constantly combat the programming of
you're worthless, you're this, you're
that, and you know, all these really
negative things. You're constantly
having to work through that. And then
you get put into somewhere that locks
you back up like how you were whenever
you were a kid. They treat you like
you're a kid, like you can't even, you
know, hold a pencil without it being a
weapon. You know it. They treat you like
you're a kid. They administer drugs
without making it compassionate. Well,
you were forced to have drugs as a kid,
too. That was a big part of the
programming is them forcing that on you,
restraining you, putting in enclosed
spaces, putting you not listening to
you, you know, gaslighting you. And so
you look at all the ways that because
society doesn't know about trauma,
doesn't know about did, doesn't know
about the experimentation that was and
is still going on with children that
there's such a disconnect with all the
people that are available to help in
these industries, therapists, medical
professionals, even psychwards. You
think about if a psych is trauma
informed and could actually
have a survivor come in that they know
to handle with care and they're
listening to them and saying, "How can
we keep you safe here? What can we do to
accommodate you and help you through
this hard time? What do you need?" You
know, they they'd realize how backwards
it is that it's total opposite of what
they provide. You don't need to be in an
enclosed space in a straight jacket. You
don't need medicine forced on you. You
literally, like you said, just needed
somebody to make you feel safe, to
listen to you, and to
without getting emotional, you know, and
and without knowing all of this, like
we're so abusive to survivors without
even meaning to be even really well
>> um well-meaning people who are doing,
you know, they're working in a place
like that cuz they're passionate about
helping people and don't even realize
that they're not helping, that they're
doing the opposite. they're harming
people by treating them that way. And I
love, however, that that spawned that
activist part of you where you were
like, I need to help now. Like, this
isn't okay. You know, I need to speak up
for myself. I need to speak up for the
other survivors that may be going
through a hard time and being pushed
through these facilities as well. Cuz
let's face it, a lot of them do. That's
that's a playbook thing, too. Your
husband did it
>> in a well-meaning way. you know, he was
doing his best in those moments. But
most of the time, the reason why a
survivor ends up in there
>> is because the family gaslights them or
somebody around, you know, they're
crazy. They need locked up. Look what
they're saying. They're saying all
satanic rituals that happened. Lock them
up. They're crazy, you know, and so
that's what happens, you know, but like
how retraumatizing all of that must have
been. And then you have to go home and
you're injured, too. and you have to
like resettle your nervous system and
you know figure out how to how to how to
heal from what should have been healing
for you and and was abusive you know so
I I totally agree with you it's such a
shame you know that there's not much
safety out there in the world for
survivors going through this that
they're really having to go online and
Google by themselves in those instances
having to make their own lists of safe
people having to have everything in
place themselves for if something goes
wrong. So they can say, "All right, I'm
going to take care of myself cuz nobody
else is going to."
>> And it's so sad, you know, cuz we take
care of every we even take care of drug
addicts, you know,
>> we take care of veterans. We take care
of everybody else that has something
that, you know, we look at as being
debilitating or or something that is,
you know, getting in somebody's way or
trauma. But when it comes to abuse
survivors, because we don't know the
truth of what people went through like
you, it's not widely known and how it
works that we're just like reabusing
people over and over and over again who
are already trying so hard just to, you
know, keep their head above water.
>> Yeah. And I think of the survivors that
don't have the resources that I add. Um,
>> exactly.
that they, you know, like how do they
advocate for themselves during a time
when, you know, their need is is like
right now and, you know, they're in
crisis or whatever. And, you know,
then's not the time to be able to make
uh, you know, decisions uh, that are
best for them maybe or, you know, phone
calling, you know, or looking online for
resources uh, that can really help them.
you know, like they're not in a space
where they have the um, you know, like
where when you're not in crisis, you can
think, you can think clearly. And when
you're dealing with programming and and
multiple parts that and multiple layers
of of conditioning, um, it gets even
more um important then during those
times to have somebody that you know can
advocate for you. Uh because I always
wish that I had that, you know, like I
was my biggest advocate. Uh and my
husband was my biggest support, but
sometimes I would wish that he would
advocate for me, you know, like, well,
why aren't you like, you know, standing
up for me and, you know, demanding that,
you know, this be done and, you know,
it's like not everybody is created that
way. Um, some of us can do that and some
of us are more laid-back and, you know,
have different um, qualities about us
that, you know, we're not all the same.
>> 100%. Yes. And what a miracle again that
you made it through that, you know, and
now you can help educate on that. You
can help teach. And that's amazing that
after you left, it's too bad they didn't
listen to you while you were in there,
but I'm really happy that they had the
integrity to listen to you after you
left and to hopefully mitigate instances
of trauma happening as severely as they
did to you in the future with with the
subtle changes that they made based off
your recommendations.
and you are doing a lot of advocacy work
now and I wanted to talk about that a
little bit
>> because your work is just it's amazing
all the things that you're dipping your
toes into and the projects that you're
working on and you know there's still so
much more that you're doing that isn't
even out there yet but I wanted you to
talk about your website and your podcast
and your resource page and thought maybe
we could go through your website a
little bit share your music again and
where people can get that share about
your social media and where you're at
and just start digging into the work
that you're doing now because it's
really profound and wonderful.
>> Sure, I'd be happy to. Um, the website
is arise andshrine afterabuse.com
and I had to switch from wix.com to
hostinger.
Uh, just because of the price uh so
anyway um it's got a different look to
it now and I'm not as happy with it. But
um there is uh my blog and there's a
resources page. I have quite extensive
resources.
Um and I've I do want to invite anyone
who wants to be uh blogging as a guest
on the website. Um please feel free to
contact me through the Arise Shine after
abuse website if you are interested in
doing that. Um the I have a big page
with the indicators of ritual abuse.
Um
um and that's uh directly from a very um
I I love the person. I can't think of
her name. Uh but these are ex it's an
extensive list of uh different things
that you know are a part of our
experience that people can be looking
for. Um and it like it like you can see
it's very long and extensive. Um it and
she's got it in categories but Katherine
Gold that's who put this together. Thank
you Katherine if you're still out there
somewhere. And um so then there's um a
page for the podcasts. Um I haven't put
all of mine on here um because I started
to do more on my YouTube channel, but
some of them are on here. Um and then
Yeah, I see you going to my YouTube
channel.
>> Here we go.
Yeah, I'm very um
excited about the different parts of me
that have put these podcasts and videos
together. It's a mixture of both. Um and
more recently, um I've been getting into
the activism. So, like that's the one
about Dr. Kirk Moore and then Goell
who's got the stalking injunction
against him and Jason um and Alexia
having the civil suit and I've been
connecting with the survivors in Utah um
and really like have become a
whistleblower along with them and what's
happening there and some of my parts
made a lot of these videos
um and it's like I love the one about
justice um and honoring survivors. Uh
that shows my heart for survivors and
the injustices that we all have uh that
has been done against us. And there's a
there's a guy um Mike Chapman. I uh
interviewed him and uh that's a neat
perspective to get a male's point of
view about uh abuse.
And um then I have some personal ones on
there too like that happy birthday Jay
for my son. You know those are just
different things you know that I have
put together. And the amber waves of
anger that's one of my poems spoken
word. Um, and it I loved how I used
videography for my parts to connect with
each other and, you know, in my journey,
you know, to to heal from all of this.
And, um, I originally started just doing
a little bit here and there with oh,
probably about six or seven years ago.
Um, even like Marshalltown, Iowa had a
tornado and and I put together this uh
video because I really cared about the
people, you know, that um, you know,
were had that, you know, to rebuild
from. And it I felt like it was similar
to what any person goes through from a
tragedy. Um, and I just uh am doing a
project um, and I have justice up there.
Um, I'm starting to put together a a
training. Um, and justice, uh, not that
it will be out there that this is what
it is, but justice stands for Jesus
unveiling systemic torture and
trafficking, injustices, and cultic
exploitation.
Uh, that's the name that God gave me for
the project. Um, like I said, I don't
know if that's the name that will be out
there, but um, it's a way to, uh, give
training to, uh, clinicians,
uh, law enforcement,
um, people in hospitals and mental
health facilities and people that work
that will come across survivors. and uh
it's an exciting project to be a part of
and um it will be available and I'm
putting it together for Relentless Hope.
Um and I'm working with uh Cindy on that
that she's not doing all the the putting
coming up with the program, but uh I'm
doing that so to take a little bit off
of her shoulders cuz she's got so much
going on. and I started helping with the
support group that Relentless Hope has
uh twice a month every second and fourth
Tuesday. Um and I'm coming up with you
know like lining up the speakers for the
topics and um I've been bringing a
series just recently uh managing fear
and navigating or connecting with parts
that are afraid. And so, um, anyway, uh,
if you're interested in coming to that
support group that Relentless Hope has,
uh, you would need to get a hold of them
so that they, they don't just allow
anybody into the support group because
they want to make sure that it's
survivors and, um, that you can connect
with them first to kind of share your
situation. and they're happy to have you
uh be on the Oh, yeah. There's my name
there.
Yep.
Yeah. It's exciting what uh the
organization that Cindy founded with
Relentless Hope. They have resources on
their website, too. Please check that
out. Um they are an organization that
you can trust. Um, I know that there's
survivors that have said the the
National Trafficking Network uh numbers
and website that they have had horrible
things happen. Um, so I've been
reconsidering whether to even have um
anything like that on, you know, like
the National Human Trafficking Hotline,
uh, on my website or not. Um you you
think that you can trust organizations
that and and you can believe that they
are who you say how they you are they
are who they say they are but that's not
always true and I really listen to other
survivors who tell me um well this isn't
safe or you know this is my experience.
Um so yeah, Relentless Hope is is great.
Cindy's got such a heart for survivors
and she's not a survivor herself either.
Uh so I really think that's neat how you
know people have put organizations
together and you know they they she's a
volunteer. She she gives of her time and
from her heart to help other survivors
too. And I love the page. just says,
"You are not alone."
>> She's wonderful. I've had Cindy on my
podcast once and was just absolutely
amazed by what she's doing. If people
listening didn't hear that episode, um
you should go listen to it. It's I stand
by her as well. There's not many
organizations, nonprofits, um even
people out there that you know aren't
survivors that are advoc advocating. I
don't really put my name or stamp of
approval or recommendation on a lot, but
man, I'm impressed with Cindy. She is a
firecracker. She is a bulldog. She is a
warrior and she is a freaking champion,
you know, and uh she'll be actually
coming back on the podcast again soon,
too. She's doing some incredible work
behind the scenes that she wants to
educate on currently. Um, a lot of stuff
is happening in Utah because of her.
She's helping stir the pot, you know,
big time
>> and people like Goel and there's, you
know, a lot of people really standing up
against this, which is wonderful.
>> And I'm really grateful and happy that
you found her organization and are
involved. You know, it makes me happy,
too, to see survivors. And I know a
couple other people that reached out to
me and said, "Thank you because your
podcast, I connected with Cindy and I'm
helping her with something." And you
know, the more that we can help people
like Cindy and like Sherry on their
missions and you know, to step up and
ask for help, um this can be really
thankless work sometimes. You know,
there isn't much pay if if at all um in
helping or recognition unless you're
sort of on the side of helping cover it
up. You know, those are the people who
really get paid for this. It's it's
difficult to even have your voice heard
if you are standing up for survivors.
So, it's wonderful that that there's
little pockets of of people, groups of
people, survivors and non-survivors who
are really fighting this, you know,
tooth and nail and like pouring their
heart and soul into it. And Cindy's
definitely one of those people. So, I'll
have her website below as a resource.
Um, if you guys missed the episode, I'll
I'll put it below as well. Um, and
Sherry's website also and her resource
page is very extensive. Um, and just her
page in general. You guys can access her
podcast through here. Like she said, her
writing is just exquisite. It is
awesome. She's wonderful with her words,
as much on paper as she is here on a
podcast format. Um, please go read her
blog and and share it. You know, people
can get a lot of help from reading
helpful things written by survivors and
it's a great way to educate and her
podcast. I'll have her YouTube as well,
but she has episodes on here too that
you guys can go leaf through and read a
little bit about. click the link and
it'll take you to it. Um, she has
videos, she has the indicators of ritual
abuse, which is very helpful. Um, I'm
really happy that you took the time to
put all this on your page as well. This
needs to be seen by everybody. This is a
wonderful resource and very extensive.
So, this is a great page to go just
browse around and to learn um, and to
share with people. And survivors don't
like typically asking for money, but in
my experience, I get people all the time
that reach out and say, "How can I help?
I have some extra money. I have some
extra time. How can I contribute to this
cause? I want to do something. I want to
help, but I don't trust nonprofits. I
don't trust different people." Um Sherry
does have a PayPal as well um that you
guys can um buy her a coffee for. And
she's not asking for your support. I'm
asking you to support her if you're one
of those people that reaches out and
asks because she is so deserving. This
woman has poured her heart and soul into
her work selflessly and hasn't made a
penny for it. And we should be
resourcing people like her and like
Cindy because there's people working in
the CIA, FBI, even in nonprofits that
are getting paid a lot of money to cover
this up. and we need to pour resources
into the people uncovering it and
helping survivors heal from these
crimes, literal crimes against humanity.
And she's making books. She is making
music. She's doing podcasts. She's
helping volunteer her time to relent to
Relentless Hope with Cindy who's also
volunteering her time. And you know,
even if you don't even if you're not out
here asking for and saying, "I need
money." We should be resourcing you so
you can continue to do this and buy buy
and keep up with podcast equipment and
be able to pay somebody to help you edit
your book so survivors can get it in
their hands, you know, and and to make
money from your podcast that you're
devoting hours of your time to. Like I
know I I haven't written books and done
all this a lot of the other stuff that
you have, but I know just doing a
podcast is expensive. It's a lot of work
and it's a lot of time and energy and it
can be um it can take up a lot of time
in your week just that, you know. So, I
would ask if you guys do have a dollar,
$5, if you're if you have some extra
money that you can send her way, I'm
going to have her support page below. If
you don't have anything financially that
you can contribute, what you can do is
go to her YouTube and subscribe. the
more we can get followers up, it it pops
up more on recommendation pages. It
helps get her seen. If you guys can go
on her videos and comment on them, this
all helps in the algorithms for
survivors to be seen because a lot of
times this information is very
suppressed. So, this is something for
free that you guys can do and you guys
can go share her episodes on your
YouTube if you guys have a Substack or
if you guys are writers. Um, you guys
can also share your share her episodes
that way. You guys can share resources
on her page and then link her her
website. We can do things for free that
if you have extra time and you're
looking to put it somewhere, that is
something that you guys can do that does
not take much time or energy and it
doesn't require any money from you. So,
if you guys can please go support her.
And on Tik Tok, she's on Tik Tok, too,
which is really cool. Um, and I'll have
that below, too. Her um handle is Sherry
Berg, S H A R R I B U R G, but you can
also search her through her full name as
well, and her page will populate. But
again, really easy way, just hit the
follow button, and for free, you guys
just supported a survivor. You're
contributing to their cause. You're
helping them get seen and um you're
showing that you support them. So,
there's so many ways that that we all
can take responsibility. We can all have
a part in this and there's so many ways
that we can make excuses for I don't
have time, I don't have this, you know,
I don't have money, but you don't always
need a lot of money or time to to make a
big difference. So, I would ask you all
to please send your prayer Sherry's way.
Send send your $5 her way. Go follow her
music and get her albums and share with
other survivors. Listen to them if you
are a survivor. Um, I love the names of
your albums also. They're you can tell
that they're from your heart and soul,
from your parts, and you know, devoted
to to survivors. So, you're doing a lot,
Sharon. You deserve everything. You are
priceless, and you deserve all the
resources possible to keep this work
going. So, um, thank you for everything
that you're doing and for coming on here
and for sharing everything that you did
today. You are just an inspiration. I
think I hold you just as high as Cindy
and you know everybody else in this
movement that's like you know really
taking matters into their own hands. It
takes a lot of courage
>> to do what you do despite what you went
through. You know, you have every excuse
in the world to be angry, to sit on your
couch all day, to, you know, want
revenge and to be hateful and you're
just you're a ray of light, a ray of
sunshine, and, you know, you're a leader
in this community, and we're so lucky
that we have you here to learn from, to
listen to, and to support.
Thank you so much, Emma. the music. Um,
the seven albums that I have out are on
Spotify or any of the streaming
platforms that that one website that you
brought up is actually my first attempt
before I actually put any albums out
there. They're like little singles. So,
if if you go to Spotify, you can find
all all seven of the uh albums. There's
like Sacred Rebellion, The Resuscitated
Heart, Socialist Nation, Worth the
Fight. Um I don't have all of the title.
Arise from Arise from the Other Side I
think is the one of them. Um but anyway,
um yeah, it's exciting and I would love
um other survivors and creatives to
collaborate together. I would be willing
to show people how to use the music app
that I use um and actually how to take
their writing and and make songs and
we're so creative. Um I facilitate a
writer workshop for dissociative writers
uh.com. I'm one of the founding members
and I encourage people to join that. But
I'm actually thinking that we could
create our own community with
specifically SRRI survivors because
we're so creative and uh I've been doing
that since 2018 I think it was. But um
I've I've done little's workshops and
workshops for teens, you know, for the
parts to have stories and um it's just
it littles are so amazing. And when we
connect to those little child parts of
us, there's so much more healing and we
become more whole because we're
listening to our own self. And they are
so creative. So I encourage you to do it
on your own but I encourage you to
become a part of uh some of the
community communities where we can
connect with each other and you know
help each other to overcome you know the
restrictions that there's been on us uh
whether it's doing a podcast together I
I welcome that or writing a blog um
you know just connecting in any way that
that works for all of us.
>> Yes.
Yes. You are just a walking miracle.
You're a ray of light. I'm so grateful
that we finally got to connect and do a
podcast together and can't wait to have
you back on. Was there anything else
that we didn't cover today that you
wanted to or anything else that you
wanted to share today?
>> Um, first of all, thank you, Emma. And,
um, I think it's amazing. I wanted to uh
say about Gray. Um how
I just am in amazement of the miracle
that you know he was able to show his
face and
um I would look I feel like I know him
already too. But um just just keep doing
what you're doing, Emma, and for all of
the survivors out there and supporters
of survivors. Uh thank you for being the
incredible you that you you are, even if
you don't know it. Uh and you're not
alone. And I hope that I've encouraged
you today. And um I always try to shine
the hope that there is out there. So I
hope that's been accomplished.
>> It was we dove into some dark things,
but there was always a light at the end
of the tunnel. You know, you guys have
learned so much through what you
overcome that we can all learn from. And
it's wonderful to see you on this side.
you know that you're able to speak from
a place of of healing, of confidence, of
taking your power back and now of
creation, of being able to contribute
your puzzle piece with your voice and
your testimony, as well as projects that
you're working on. So, I'm going to have
all of Sherry's links below. You guys,
please go follow her, connect with her,
donate to her, however you guys can help
her on her mission, please go do that.
Um, like I said, it's so easy and
there's so many easy ways that we can
all help without a lot of time or money.
So, I'll have all that below. I'm also
going to have my links. Um, connect with
me wherever you can, you guys. Um,
connect with all of us wherever you can.
A lot of these platforms aren't really
friendly with this material that we talk
about and these topics. So, um, to keep
in touch with us, follow us wherever you
can, just in case one platform gets
unhappy with one of us and what we're
talking about and kicks us off. Um, so
I'll have all my links below as well.
You guys, we couldn't do this without
you. Like Sher said, we're so grateful
for all of you survivors speaking out,
for all of you who aren't speaking out,
but who are cheering us on and and
helping behind the scenes. And same
thing for all you advocates and allies
out there. We couldn't do this without
you guys. So, thank you guys for
listening. God bless you all and we will
see you next time.